1.

We are seeking a full time Technical Writer / Proposal Writer for our SitePortal offering and C² Systems services. This is a great opportunity to join a dynamic company with exposure to all types of telecommunications and network management companies in a rapidly expanding field. This position is based from C Squared Systems office in Auburn, New Hampshire.

Key Responsibilities:

    Coordinate and respond to customer Request for Proposals (RFPs)

    Drive the RFP process to ensure content is accurate and deadlines are met

    Research industry RFPs to reach new markets and expand customer base

    Create and manage content library for RFP responses

    Develop and maintain product sales sheets and brochures, ensuring current & accurate content

    Help produce and distribute product update release announcements, user advisories, and press releases

    Assist with updates to company web site: copy, announcements, blog and software version updates

    Help create and update technical content and documentation

    Creative writing, including white papers, sales sheets, brochures

    Provide research and reports based on information collected such as trends, competition, new products, and pricing

Skills/Qualifications:

    Bachelor’s degree and/or 2-5+ years RFP response experience, copywriting, client services experience

    Strong writing skills

    Proficient at creating presentations with PowerPoint with eye for professional, aesthetically pleasing, and polished product

    Working knowledge of Excel and Outlook

    Knowledge of GoToMeeting/Webinar or similar webinar platform

Employment Type: Full-Time
About C Squared Systems:

C2 Systems is a Radio Frequency Engineering, Consulting, and Software Development company providing radio frequency analysis, design, activation and integration services, as well as custom software development for the voice and data wireless communications industry. We pride ourselves on being highly respected with many repeat customers willing to provide confident references. As leaders in our industry, we can offer our employees challenging opportunities where each person can make a difference and be recognized for their contributions.

2.

Technical Specialist - Technical Analyst/Writer
About the Job

 
Desired skills and responsibilities:
 

Work
Location : Charlotte, NC


 

Desired
skills and responsibilities:


Duration:
6-8 months


Overall
experience: 8 - 10 years


 

1.?
Technical Analyst with experience in writing SDLC documents (high level/?low
level design documents, data flow diagram & process document etc)


2.?
Oracle & PLSQL experience (3-5 years)


3.?
Good analytical skills.? Should be able to reverse engineering from code


4.?
Candidate must possess strong technical writing skills (3-5 years) to
understand complex code and write in in non-technical manner.?


5.?
Candidate must have strong communication skills and must be able to work with
minimal direction


6.?
Candidate must be a good team player


7.?
Candidate should have flexibility to adjust his/?her working hours accordingly
to ensure the work gets done.? Interaction with team in San Diego is required




Graduate (4 year course) or higher


Job Summary

Company
    IGATE Global Solutions Limited
Location
    Charlotte, NC 28201
Industries
    Computer/?IT Services
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Career Level
    Experienced (Non-Manager)
Job Reference Code
    176807


3.

Technical Writer - Fiber Supply Chain/Hardware/Online Publishing


An American multinational corporation specializing in Internet-related services and products is currently seeking a Technical Writer to contribute by writing and editing technical documentation for client's Fiber Supply Chain in Mountain View, CA. This is a 1 year CONTRACT position, with the possibility of extension. Local candidates only, no per diem available.

Responsibilities for the Technical Writer

    Create and maintain documentation to provide information and direction related to process systems, tools, and products related to the deployment and operations of the Google Fiber network in various US geographies
    Meet with Product Managers and Engineers to determine scope and create documentation plans on the Deployment Guides for the Fiber huts
    Write documentation guides for Hardware developers that cover reference material and task oriented documentation

Requirements for the Technical Writer

    Possible background as a Hardware Engineer, or a seasoned communicator with web building skills, and understanding of Network Technologies
    10+ years of experience
    BS Degree or equivalent practical experience. Engineering degree preferred.
    Hardware background (manufacturing, assembly, electronics, automotive, etc.)
    Experience with online publishing for documentation

Benefits

    401K
    Health Insurance




This Job is located in Mountain View, CA -> United States


Keywords: fiber supply chain,hardware,online publishing,technical writer, fiber supply chain, hardware, online publishing
BOF 

4.

Senior Technical Writer
About the Job

Prefer 2-5 years’ experience in Technical Writing and 2-3 years’ experience in software testing.?

·         Creating and maintaining technical customer documentation and online help for software products

·         Creating Knowledge Base articles for software products

·         Developing training videos for online help

·         Assist the Quality Assurance team in testing products in order to learn new functionality.?

·         Document assigned testing progress using our test tracking tool

·         Help structure and maintain a new documentation repository for all of engineering department documentation

·         Locate and report any product defects during your documentation authoring or testing

·         Experience in the Robohelp authoring tool is a plus.?

·         Experience creating training videos is a plus

·         Experience testing both web-based and desktop applications (preferably .?Net applications) for a software company is a plus

5.

Technical Writer
About the Job

C:\Users\linda\AppData\Local\Temp\7zO3AB8.tmp\AlionLogo_TAG.jpg

 

                                                                                          870 Harbour Way South, Richmond, CA 94804

_____________________________________________________________________________

Technical Writer

Reports to:   Operations Manager

Role Summary/?Purpose:

Alion Energy is searching for a Technical Writer to produce high-quality documentation in support of our business processes.?  You will work direct with our engineering and operations teams to gather and research information for use in creating detailed documentation in the form of standard operation procedures, manuals for quality, service,  maintenance, and manufacturing.? 

Responsibilities

    Work with internal teams to obtain an in-depth understanding of the product and the documentation requirements.?
    Create and maintain the information architecture.?
    Produce high-quality documentation that meets applicable standards and is appropriate for its intended audience.?
    Create standard operating procedures and product quality and operations manuals.?
    Create and manage ISO documentation procedures.?
    Coordinate with other technical writes to complete large documentation projects.?

Requirements

•        Proven working experience in technical writing.?

•        Ability to work fast and deliver high quality detailed documentation as scheduled.?

•        Ability to quickly grasp complex technical concepts and make them easily understandable in text and pictures

•        Demonstrate strong writing skills in English

•        Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office

    University degree or equivalent experience preferred
    Experience in writing and editing civil construction, solar, and mechanical engineering documentation a plus.?
    Proven ability to work independently and in teams.?

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.?

6.

Technical Writer - Minnetonka, MN or US Telecommute
Description:

Position Description:
UnitedHealth Group
is working to create the Healthcare system of tomorrow and you can
help. Already Fortune 17, we are totally focused on innovation and
change.  We work a little harder.
We aim a little higher. We expect more from ourselves and each other.
And at the end of the day, we're doing a lot of good.

Through
our family of businesses and a lot of inspired individuals, we're
building a high-performance Healthcare system that works better for more
people in more ways than ever. Now we're looking to reinforce our team
with people who are decisive, brilliant and built for speed.  Join with us and start doing your life's best work.

In this role, Technical Writer/Specialist
will be accountable for writing, editing, and publishing policy,
procedure, and process instruction documents. This individual is part of
a team of communications specialists (writers, editors, and document
control/publishers) who work together to capture and communicate the
best practices of the organization. The range of documentation produced
includes UHC policies, procedures, and process instructions
(step-by-step instructions such as âhow to process a claimâ?).

The
Technical Writer/Specialist is responsible for collaborating with
internal customers to identify, draft, revise, coordinate
review/approval, edit, and publish documents for use across multiple
platforms and applications.

Primary Responsibilities:
Possess a moderate to advanced knowledge of process documentation requirements.Lead projects and implement initiatives to update,
reengineer, or rewrite documentation based on compliance initiatives,
system enhancements, or organizational needs.Work closely with internal customers, leaders, and
subject matter experts (SMEs) or knowledge holders (KH) to determine the
correct, clear, concise, and consistent method of organization,
content, and language--and coordinate related documentation.Serve as a resource to other writers, editors, and
publishers on how to capture, review, edit, revise, and publish
documentation. Assist with training as assigned.Use appropriate listening and communication
techniques to foster teamwork, resolve challenges, and encourage
innovative solutions.Develop and maintain complex or high level documents
(policy, procedures, processing instructions, process references,
process maps) that support business needs and align with internal
standards, styles and practices.Support ongoing process improvements and change management activities.

Qualifications:

Required Qualifications:
High School Diploma/GED.2+ years of experience writing or editing user-based instructions or technical documentation, including system instructions.Experience with Project Management, information
mapping techniques, or other structured process for the development of
procedural documentation.Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of the Healthcare Industry or Insurance transaction processes.Customer Service experience or Quality Assurance experience.Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, Outlook, SharePoint, and Visio experience. Careers with UnitedHealthcare. Let's talk about opportunity. Start with a Fortune 14 organization that's serving more than 85 million people already and building the industry's singular reputation for bold ideas and impeccable execution. Now, add your energy, your passion for excellence, your near-obsession with driving change for the better. Get the picture? UnitedHealthcare is serving employers and individuals, states and communities, military families and veterans where ever they're found across the globe. We bring them the resources of an industry leader and a commitment to improve their lives that's second to none. This is no small opportunity. It's where you can do your life's best work.Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment. 


7.

Technical Writer

Technical Writer Interim
San Francisco, CA 94103
12 months contract
MAX RATE $37/hr W2

*Writing sample required: Must include a link on your resume for your writing samples.*

This is an entry to mid-level Technical Writer position in San Francisco. You will work with many engineering teams to create clear and organized documentation for complex engineering processes. You will be a part of the planning, organizing, writing and editing process for both existing projects as well as new developments for our clients photosharing platform.

This team is building their production applications and infrastructure. They built documentation, build guides and runbooks, so that any engineer could read up on a product or application and understand how it worked within the greater framework of our clients architecture. This Tech Writers work allows engineers to have more time and more bandwidth. Build guides and documentation are essential pieces of knowledge for the developing engineers, production engineers, and SREs to be able to support and add to their infrastructure.

Responsibilities:
-Collaborate with various engineering teams to generate process, workflow, and architectural diagrams.
-Identify missing documents and diagrams, then initiate discussion with Engineering team to draft new documents and close the gap.
-Work with subject matter experts to standardize documentation for new site features.
-Create presentations for business proposals and technical reviews.
-Maintain wiki for internal documentation and other resources.

Requirements:
*Writing sample required: Must include a link on your resume for your writing samples.
-Bachelors degree in English, Literature, Communications, or related field.
-1-2 years experience in technical writing.
-Strong written and oral communications skills.
-Ability to grasp basic engineering and technical concepts quickly in a dynamic work environment.
-Experience with the Microsoft Office suites, Omnigraffle, and Google Docs.

Apply online or email your resume to kim.williams@experis.com

Experis is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE/AA)

8.

About Us
Kaztronix is committed to the clients and employees we serve. Our mission is to provide the best and brightest industry talent, solutions, and services available. We have been working with various industries and clients across the United States for nearly 10 years.
Technical Writer III
Job Title: Technical Writer III
Location: Swiftwater, PA

Duties:
Responsible for designing, developing, and updating required technical documentation. Responsible for technical writing/editing for all types of documentation produced within a modern software development environment. Utilizes knowledge of word processing software, strong writing and analytical skills to document software capabilities and functionality.Documents programming standards and procedures.
Experience with MS Office (word, excel)
Experience with document management systems
Experienced with CMC dossiers and regulatory content
Technical experience preferred but not inclusively required (such as analytical testing environment, manufacturing environment, qualification and validation environment)

Candidate to author technical documents in client's internal documentum system. Must have working knowledge of bacterial biologics and regulations pertaining to early and late phase pre-licensure activities. Must have working knowledge of GMPs and application to preparing clinical materials. Must be well-organized, work with minimal management and meet aggressive timelines.

Skills:
Experience with MS Office (word, excel)
Experience with document management systems
Experienced with CMC dossiers and regulatory content
Technical experience preferred but not inclusively required (such as analytical testing environment, manufacturing environment, qualification and validation environment)


MS Office experience. Knowledge of internal systems (Trackwise, QeDOC, RAeDOC). Good writing and communcation skills. Independent worker. Knowledgeable in GMPs.

Education:
MS in scientific field

9.

NERC CIP Technical Writer
About the Job
NERC CIP Technical Writer
Birmingham, AL
6+? Months Contract
$45-60/?Hour

Our industry leading client is currently seeking an experienced Technical Writer to create documentation to comply with North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC) Critical Infrastructure Protection (CIP) compliance regulations.? In this role you will create policies, procedures, and standards to allow the organization to abide by all CIP mandates.?

In this role you will be supporting NERC CIP V5 initiatives.?

You will meeting with engineers and project managers to assess all documentation and information needed.? In addition, you will create formatting standards to be consistent with NERC CIP documentation.?

Our client provides excellent health, dental, vision, and 401(k) benefits.?

Required Skills:

    Experience creating technical documentation for NERC CIP compliance, especially version 5
    Experience creating technical documentation, especially for infrastructure initiatives
    Experience working in the utility or energy industry is a plus


For immediate consideration please send your resume to: michael.?ruiz@?principlesolutions.?com


Keywords: Technical Writer, CIP, NERC, NERC CIP, NERC CIP V5, documentation, writing, English, Communications, utility, energy, electricity, North American Electricity Reliability Corporation, Critical Infrastructure Protection,

10.


Senior Technical Writer,
Reference Code:62631
Job ID 	ENP-00005568
Emerson Company 	Avocent
Country 	United States
State/Province 	Ohio
City 	Columbus
Publish Start Date 	Aug 6 2015
Job Level 	Experienced (Non-Manager)
Job Description
Job Summary
Responsible for researching, writing and editing customer-facing documentation such as user manuals, on-line help systems and quick installation guides. Able to work with other departments, as well as OEM customers with specific needs, and facilitate relationships. With minimal supervision, can fully support and manage a project from start to finish, and can also guide junior employees as needed.
Reporting Relationships
Reports to Technical Publications Manager, Senior Manager or Director
Duties and Responsibilities
Performs the following functions with minimal supervision and guides junior employees in these areas as needed:
• Researches, writes and edits various product documentation for advanced technology products
• Gathers technical information. Researches available engineering information. Interviews engineers and other technical personnel to ensure the clarity, completeness, accuracy and quality of the documents created.
• Assembles documentation in correct Emerson or OEM format, keeping structure, content and organization consistent with established standards and styles.
• Develops on-line help for software applications per established standards, styles and guidelines.
• Assists with creation and publishing of Publications related material on the web.
• Assists with developing the styles and standards for on-line help, CDs, paper manuals and other types of technical communications.
Qualifications
Knowledge and Skill Requirements

• Proficiency in the following programs is a requirement:
o Microsoft Word and Adobe Acrobat Pro X
• Proficiency in the following programs is a plus:
o Adobe InDesign, MadCap Flare, Dreamweaver, Muse
• Strong communication and editing skills with high attention to detail
• Web design skills are a plus
Education and Experience

• Typically requires a minimum of 8 years of related experience with a Bachelor's degree, 6 years and a Master's degree, a PhD with 3 years experience or equivalent experience.
• Experience with writing for localization and working with international teams is a plus.
• Experience with CSS, XML and XHTML is a plus
Competencies
• Think Strategically
• Analyze Issues
• Drive for Results
• Foster Teamwork
• Build Relationships
• Deals with Ambiguity
Working Conditions/Other
• Normal office environment with extensive use of computer to complete assignments.
• Some travel and overtime may be required at times.
• Ability to multi-task in a fast paced environment with multiple deadlines is essential.
Work Authorization
No calls or agencies please. Emerson will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States. This is not a position for which sponsorship will be provided. Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.
Additional Company Information
Emerson Network Power

Emerson Network Power provides integrated infrastructure solutions that help ensure availability and maximize efficiency for data centers, telecom networks, and industrial facilities around the world. We use a unique combination of industry expertise, technology, and global resources to make the future of our customers’ business possible.
About Emerson
Emerson is a global leader in bringing technology and engineering together to provide innovative solutions for customers in industrial, commercial, and consumer markets around the world. Founded in 1890 in St. Louis, Missouri (USA), Emerson delivers solutions through five business segments: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Network Power, Climate Technologies, and Commercial & Residential Solutions. With sales of $24.7B and more than 130,000 employees in over 150 countries, we have a customer-focused, results-driven culture where employee performance is recognized and rewarded.
Equal Opportunity Employer

Emerson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace free of any discrimination or harassment.
If you have a disability and are having difficulty accessing or using this website to apply for a position, you can request help by calling 1-314-553-2544 (V/TTY/TDD) or by sending an email toidisability.administrator@emerson.com 

11.

TECHNICAL WRITER
The NVIDIA SWDocs Team is seeking a broadly experienced and highly motivated Senior Technical Writer to help create and maintain User Guides, Release Notes, API Guides and other documents for cutting edge NVIDIA technology.  

- Learn and document software platforms as they are being developed
- Write and edit programming guides and application programming interface (API) references for software developers
- Drive the technical review process
- Read C/C++ programming language
- Document C/C++ source code in Windows and Linux environments
- Write and edit technical articles and white papers
- Work closely with software engineers and development team
- Research, scope, and manage documentation projects
- Write sample code to demonstrate API usage
- Learn other high-level programming languages, as needed
- Understand the principles of high quality software development
- Learn and use software tools, both for document production and SDK usage
- Work closely with and follow direction of Editor or lead Programmer Writer
- Writes and/or edits original and highly technical documentation, such as user guides, software release notes, .chm files, embedded URL files, interactive and context sensitive help files.
- Researches technical information and interacts closely with engineering resources.
- May prepare illustrations, photographs, diagrams, and charts, and assist in graphic layouts.
- May test software for accuracy and usability.
- Projects may involve preparing individual sections of complex manuals or other technical documents, or organizing the complete production of a basic manual.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
- 3+ years of technical writing experience, preferably in a computer related field with an emphasis on technical documentation.
- Excellent native-level written English is required.
- Experience with software documentation in the wireless or communications field a plus.
- Strongly prefer candidates with computer programming experience and experience documenting APIs in the code using tools such as doxygen. - - Requires experience with Adobe FrameMaker and Microsoft Word.

EDUCATION/TRAINING:
- BA/BS in Journalism, English, Technical Communications, Computer Science, Engineering or related field.

We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer

Interested in applying? click on the Apply button below to apply using your Monster profile or click the following link to apply at NVIDIA directly http://jobsearch.nvidia.com/pljb/nvidia/nvidiaemployment/applicant/jobClick.jsp?count=1&id=11419 

12.

Digi International is your M2M Expert, combining products and services as end-to-end solutions to drive business efficiencies. Digi provides the industry’s broadest range of wireless products, a cloud computing platform tailored for devices, and development services to help customers get to market fast with wireless devices and applications. Our entire solution set is tailored to allow any device to communicate with any application, anywhere in the world. The company is headquartered out of Minneapolis, USA. Digi has been recognized as one of America's 100 Fastest Growing Small Public Companies by Fortune Small Business in 2009.
Senior Technical Writer

Opportunity:

Digi International is seeking technical writing talent for our hardware product lines. Our products serve many industries worldwide, from medical to transportation to telecom.

Join a dynamic team that is developing next generation technical content. As a Technical Writer at Digi, you'll work in a high-performing and supportive environment that provides the opportunity to develop an interesting and fulfilling career path.

We are seeking a skilled Senior Technical Writer who loves working with complex technical systems and is comfortable working in a fast paced, deadline-driven engineering environment. The position is accountable for development of technical documentation for our wide variety of products.

 

Key Job Responsibilities:

 

·         Acquire and review technical source material such as product specifications, and develop an understanding of the products involved.

·         Fulfill roles as both a dedicated member of a company-wide documentation team and an integrated member of an engineering team that uses an “agile” development process.

·         Work closely with engineering team members to develop high quality product documentation.

·         Identify the audience, user environment and tasks to be addressed in manuals.

·         Plan and track documentation projects and deliver assignments on schedule.

  

Primary Requirements:

 

·         Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, English or related field.

·         At least eight years of technical writing experience in a hardware, wireless networking or manufacturing environment.

·         In-depth skills with technical publications tools such as Madcap Flare, Frame Maker, Adobe Creative Suite and Adobe Illustrator.

·         Knowledge of topic-based writing.

·         Basic understanding of HTML and XML.

·         Experience working with developers to advocate for the user experience and an ability to represent documentation requirements during product design and implementation.

·         Strong command of the English language, and the ability to self-edit.

·         Superb content organization skills and an ability to deliver information in a clear, easy-to-read writing style.

·         Ability to manage writing tasks for multiple, overlapping product releases and deliver on schedule without compromising quality.

·         Excellent technical aptitude to learn new features, products and solutions quickly.


If the above opportunity excites you, please send your resume to jobs@digi.com or apply via the web at www.digi.com\careers .

13.

Technical Writer (macys.com) (Job Number: MAC05037)
Job Number : MAC05037

Description

Job Overview:

The technical writer creates documentation processes and maintains all forms of technical documentation created within the CAP SA team. The Technical Writer must excel at collaborating closely with immediate SA team and other technical teams.

Essential Functions:

    Write or edit internal and vendor integration technical and semi technical specifications, SLAs, document undocumented environments and processes. Document will be reviewed by both technical and semi-technical audiences
    Develop a documentation process that standardizes all forms of documentation, review and update existing documentation, and publish them to a centralized location
    Own and organize all technical documentation used within the CAP systems analysis organization
    Interface with IT personnel to provide iterative improvements to the process and technical content
    Work with internal customers (and external as needed) to develop appropriate levels of documentation to meet customer and group requirements, in alignment with business and department objectives
    Assist in the creation of effective flow of information including gaining acceptance of new processes for the CAP SA organization
    Keep management and appropriate teams informed of documentation development and maintenance activities
    Perform technical writing support for multiple projects, as needed
    Identify key metrics with business and engineering stakeholders, and assist with publishing these key metrics after creation where possible



Qualifications:

Education/Experience

    Bachelor's Degree (or equivalent) in a communications-related or information technology field
    3 years of experience writing technical documentation, preferably in a software and hardware environment
    3 years of experience working with IT professionals in a consulting or user education capacity
    Experience with Confluence strongly preferred
    Internet / E-Commerce application development experience is desirable
    Ability to learn new tools and technologies quickly
    Ability to develop productive rapport with cross-functional teams
    Ability to work independently and take ownership of projects and deliverables in a fast-paced environment
    Ability to multi-task, juggling many different projects at different levels of development
    Excellent technical writing and editing skills
    Proven willingness and ability to be flexible, and to accept feedback from others
    Experience writing planning and execution content
    Ability to integrate information about a technology, and determine how to guide users to plan for and implement the technology
    Expert in Microsoft Visio and Microsoft Office Suite



Communication Skills

    Ability to clearly communicate to all levels of an organization in a professional and respectful manner
    Ability to independently build and manage relationships with customers and partners
    Good presentation skills



Reasoning Ability

    Excellent collaboration and self-starter skills
    Ability to deal with ambiguity and to research and resolve issues in a complex environment



Other Skills

    Experience with Confluence strongly preferred



Company Profile:

As the fastest growing part of Macy's Inc. business, macys.com is achieving record sales and broadening our workforce. With offices in New York and San Francisco, macys.com is the best of all worlds. The entrepreneurial thinking of a Web business complements the stability and support of a national brand. Creativity and ingenuity partner with business acumen and tech savvy to build a unique business poised for continued growth. Employees at macys.com have long term opportunities and are encouraged to utilize their Supervisors and Human Resources for cross-functional movement to further their careers. At macys.com we are committed to giving back to the community by partnering with local charitable organizations. By skillfully combining the power of the Internet with the best in retailing, macys.com is reaching new heights.


This job description is not all inclusive. Macys Inc. reserves the right to amend this job description at any time. Macy's Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment.

Macy's Inc., including Macy's and Bloomingdale's, will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of SFPC Art.49. 

14.

Technical Writer
Amazon is seeking a tech-savvy Technical Writer / Training Content Developer with experience documenting processes, workflows, and graphics-intense procedural instructions which support core business processes.

The team is responsible for developing and maintaining training material for Amazon Transportation and Logistics, globally. The successful candidate will own the end-to-end creation and publication of training documentation using MadCap Flare.

The ideal candidate is comfortable multi-tasking in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment. They understand adult learning in addition to being a creative and analytical problem solver with a passion for excellent customer service. They are also willing to roll up their sleeves and do what it takes to get the job done while insisting on the highest standards.



Key Responsibilities


    Be very hands-on; work directly with development teams and stakeholders to produce world-class training documentation.

    Responsible for creation of overall systems documentation as well as producing user- and customer- (carrier-, vendor-) facing documentation.

    Interpret business process, process narrative, and SDE-produced wiki pages to determine the simplest set of instructions for completing a specific task.

    Conduct technical and editorial reviews of documentation.

    Write end-user and internal-user knowledge base content and self-service eLearning training materials (conceptual and procedural-based writing) that describe the functionality of internal Transportation tools and systems.



 



    Proficiency with MadCap Flare is a must

    A minimum of 5 years in a technical writing or training content development role

    Bachelor's Degree in English, Technical Writing, or related field

    Acute attention to detail in a deadline-driven environment

    Proven experience designing and delivering customer-oriented documentation

    Can conceptualize technical/functional content into something creative that people actually enjoy consuming



 


 



    Possess a strong desire to learn new technologies, the curiosity to figure out how things work, and a passion for improving the software experience of end-users

    Obsessed about the customer experience; never settle for good enough, and continually inspire others to do better for the customer

    Experience with SharePoint 2013

    Project management


15.


Classification Title:
Technical Writer/Editor  
Working Title:
Technical Writer/Editor  
Campus:
UNC-Chapel Hill  
Region:
Piedmont/Triangle  
Job Summary:
The individual in this position serves as a Technical Writer/Editor for the Knowledge Management and Communications organizational unit within the Water Institute. This position provides services to the Water Institute and reports to the Director of Knowledge Management and Communications. The individual in this position may interact with faculty, staff, and students within the university as well as WI internal and external stakeholders. As such, he/she is responsible for editing and formatting documents in accordance with appropriate specifications, style and branding. He/she will write, rewrite, edit, or proofread research related products, promotional products, online content, internal publications and project deliverables. The technical writer/editor will conduct quality control checks to ensure writing style and tone is consistent with WI branding. The individual in this position will be responsible for other writing and editing duties as assigned by the Director of Knowledge Management and Communications.  
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in a discipline related to the area of assignment; or equivalent combination of training and experience. All degrees must be received from appropriately accredited institutions.  
Position Number:
P004023  
Posting Date:
08/17/2015  
Closing Date:
08/31/2015
American Recovery & Reinvestment Act Funded:
No  
