Landor is seeking a Content Strategist to join the global Marcom team! Reporting to the Global Director of Marketing, the Content Strategist is an integral member of the global marketing communications team, based in San Francisco. This person contributes to and helps manage Landor’s marketing, public relations, and new business activities.

The primary responsibilities of this role include thought leadership strategy and content generation, copywriting, and new business support. This person manages Landor’s case studies, and is instrumental in the production and publication of articles (print and digital), blogs, Landor’s monthly email newsletter, and Landor.com features. He/she is also a crucial asset to the network’s new business team, creating pitch resources and supporting users of the company’s CRM system. The successful candidate will also collaborate with Landor’s PR agency on press releases and interview opportunities. The Senior Marketing Manager will post and monitor Landor’s social media activity, as well as track PR coverage and Landor.com traffic using Cisionpoint and Google Analytics, respectively.

The ideal candidate will have a Bachelor’s degree in Liberal Arts or Marketing/Communications and 4-6 years of relevant experience. He/She must be a quick learner and demonstrate organizational and problem solving skills.

Please apply online and upload three samples of your writing in order to be considered.



Facebook was built to help people connect and share, and over the last decade our tools have played a critical part in changing how people around the world communicate with one another. With over a billion people using the service and more than fifty offices around the globe, a career at Facebook offers countless ways to make an impact in a fast growing organization.

We’re looking for content strategists to partner with Facebook designers, product managers, researchers and product marketers to plan and create the content for Facebook products, continually improve that content, and evolve Facebook's voice and content standards. 

You're perfect for this role if you: 

* Are versatile: you're able to plan and write content for web and mobile interfaces, including interaction flows, product tours, transactional emails and launch education materials, as well as apply consistent standards and elevate the overall quality of our work. 
* Love both high-level strategy and hands-on writing and editing for web and mobile experiences. 
* Understand design thinking and user experience. 
* Thrive in a flat, fast-moving organization that uses light-weight process to have a huge impact. 

Responsibilities
Plan, write, edit, test and improve content including interface language, product education materials, product names, navigational nomenclature and other content throughout Facebook experiences
Help apply and maintain consistency with content standards, and evolve Facebook’s voice
Collaborate with designers, researchers, product managers, product marketers and engineers to serve a global content audience
Share your work and give feedback to teammates
Promote content strategy at Facebook and in the broader community of design and content professionals


Requirements 

5+ years working with content for web or mobile experiences
Experience with social products preferred
Information architecture or responsive content experience a plus
Please include a link to samples of your work that show a breadth of experience across a range of content types. You may wish to show us content you've created for user interfaces, microcopy, user education, direct or transactional emails, style guides or product launch content.




The Business Strategy & Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives.

Google’s AdWords Content Strategy and Development team empowers Google’s millions of customers to improve their daily lives and grow their businesses using Google products, by creating and publishing customer-focused content. You will work as part of this central team that collaborates with cross-functional partners and local market teams on Shopping ads. 

You will direct and participate in editorial strategy creation and implementation, bring a user-focused perspective to content creation, and bring Google products to life for our Small- to Medium-sized Business (SMB) customers through content. You will manage brand-right content delivery for a set of Google products/features, and balance the needs of product management, UX, legal, and services to create content. You will focus on our customer needs and continuously improve content to increase customer comprehension, product adoption and issue resolution. You have the ability to cue a user’s next steps with insightful word choice and an understanding of the customer mindset. You can measure the impact of your work using analytics. 

This is an individual contributor role with team leadership and cross-functional partner management. You have the required mix of creativity, business sense and editorial experience. You will also have knowledge of customer-focused communications, online content development/management, rich media and social media.

Responsibilities
Write brief, persuasive, on-task text for the user interface and support documentation that keeps users engaged and encourages adoption of new product features.
Write and code clear, friendly online help materials (concept overviews, how-to’s, policies and data feed specifications) that supports our users to understand how our products work and to troubleshoot issues.
Work closely with Product Management, Engineering, Marketing, Customer Support and User Experience; balance objectives with focus on the user.


Minimum qualifications
BA/BS degree in English, Journalism or equivalent practical experience.


Preferred qualifications
5 years of online content, production, UX writing, or marketing communications.
Proficiency in HTML, XML, web analytics and/or web design experience.



Listing Info

Content Strategist
Advertising | San Francisco, CA, United States

Content Strategist at Beyond work in collaboration with our UX team, interaction designers, visual designers, and technology teams to provide content strategy and content production that drives the user experience. The ideal candidate thrives in a flat, entrepreneurial environment where good ideas come from all directions.

Required Experience


3+ years experience in creating/writing content for web or other digital media
Degree in related field, such as English, journalism, technical writing, or library science
Previous experience in digital, advertising or branding environment
Advanced proficiency in the MS Office Suite, and working knowledge of design tools such as Visio and InDesign
Key Competencies:
Ability to create content for a number of different B2B and B2C audiences
Excellent understanding and experience of creating different content types, for example blog posts and videos
Experience of content strategy and content design
Excellent copywriting skills
Solid understanding of SEO best practices
Excellent understanding of social media best practices
Digital agency and/or journalism experience
Strong understanding of the digital marketing disciplines - in particular digital creative, social engagement and analytics
Experience of reporting on content strategies
Experience of creating and implementing content marketing campaigns
Ability to communicate content design across teams
Understanding of Google Analytics
Organizational skills and adherence to processes
Strong communications skills and team collaboration skills
Track record in working with multiple digital specialists including analytics, creative, development and engagement
Extensive and expansive industry knowledge of new media, social media, marketing, advertising and Publishing 2.0, technology and gadgetry, start-up culture, Silicon-Valley/Alley news and next-generation online applications
Social media tools and techniques, Marketing (traditional, PR, new media, guerilla and ‘word of mouth’), Technology, Project management, Editorial/Publishing
Coding knowledge, IT experience, PowerPoint/Excel proficiency, other assorted geekery
Knowledge of online social networking, the blogosphere, search tools and general Web 2.0 (Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, YouTube, Wikipedia, etc.)
Excellent written English, spelling, punctuation and grammar
Immaculate proofreading and editing talent
Ability to work to tight time limits and deadlines
Ability to work as part of small and large teams, as well as independently
Comfortable liaising with external sources (freelancers, clients, etc.)
Good understanding of content management systems
Knowledge of HTML
Experience of commissioning visual and multimedia content
Interest in tech and IT sectors

Key Responsibilities

Content Strategists drive the content offering and is the main source of content strategy and content production in our studio. 
Creates and leads content plans from start to finish
Creation of progressive content assets - social, online, audio, visual, etc
Creates progressive editorial and content calendars and schedules
Identification and development of content creation and workflow tool sets
Writing and implementing online press releases, emails and other promotional copy
Responsible for producing content and content strategies
Develops content that will increase engagement levels on client properties through creative publishing and interaction
Increases client brand coverage with a view to increasing traffic to properties and ultimately, conversions
Actively contributing to creative campaign ideas and planning
Responsible for social media engagement and social content
Take part in brainstorms for existing clients and pitches for new work
Work to briefs and deadlines to produce on-brand content
Liaise with Design, UX, Development and Account Management teams to complete content projects
Contribute to Beyond marketing activities, such as blog posts and awards entries
Report on content activities and ongoing projects
Perks of Working at Beyond:

We offer a really competitive salary and great benefits, including the opportunity to work from our other offices in New York, and London.

You will also get 20 PTO days per year (25 after one year), plus sick and holiday time, along with a nice week off in late December for the Holidays, plus a bonus holiday on your birthday. We also offer health, dental and vision at no cost to our employees, along with 401K matching with no vesting period. 

If your background matches our Content Strategist role please submit your resume and a cover letter outlining how you meet the requirements for the job and explain how you would make a great addition to the Beyond team.


Job description
Listing Info

Twitter is seeking an exceedingly strong Content Strategist to join the Product and Marketing Content Strategy team. As a senior member of this growing discipline, you’ll help create and enforce content creation strategy that will increase quality and consistency of all content across Twitter products and platforms. From managing high-level stakeholder feedback to content audits, writing and more, you’ll be the champion of all things word-related on both the Product and the Marketing side of things.



Job Responsibilities
Be the point person for content creation in your designated product area
Maintain content matrices, glossaries, and word lists
Rationalize content choices with clear logic and data
Collaborate with designers, research, PM and eng to create world-class experiences
Engage with other Content Strategists on pan-Twitter efforts

Job requirements
10+ years in a writing capacity: content strategy, copywriting, journalism
3-5 years writing on a product (Brand or in-house)
Exceptional writing skills
Ridiculous attention to detail




DEPARTMENT SUMMARY
Our Editorial team is in the enviable position of engaging with the UP community by delivering relevant content based on their goals, accomplishments and key moments in their lives. We think holistically about the experience of the UP product and work closely with the Product, Design, Data and Software Engineering teams to bring a cohesive experience to life within Jawbone’s software applications and products.

JOB SUMMARY
The Editorial Strategist/Writer reports to the Associate Director, Editorial Design and is responsible for creating and delivering on-brand content driven by user experience. This person will collaborate with other teams to develop content strategies and then craft copy to address user needs and help them achieve their goals. It is essential that you are a writer first and a system thinker second.

CORE RESPONSIBILITIES
Draft concepts, logic and final copy for content-rich features within Jawbone’s app ecosystem.
Implement content within our content management system (CMS) by creating appropriate triggers and labels and troubleshooting technical issues as needed.
Provide feedback, guidance and creative review of content for your fellow writers.
Analyze and conceptualize A/B tests.
Support the evolution of the UP voice and ensure consistency across UP features.
Participate in creative ideation around the future of the product experience.
Work effectively across multiple departments in the following capacities:
Software Engineering: Collaborate with engineers using agile methodologies. Monitor and manage execution timelines.
Data Science: Collaborate with data science to uncover and then leverage metrics that help users achieve their goals.
Marketing: Scale content across platforms, including email. Develop product-focused concepts for blog posts.
Product Management: Align editorial strategy with business goals. Provide quantitative and qualitative assessments to inform business decisions.
Design: Collaborate with visual and UI designers to create simple and delightful in-app experiences.


3-5 years of experience as a copywriter, content strategist or equivalent, including at least 1 year of previous UI writing experience
BA degree
Superior written, verbal and editorial communication
An understanding of content management systems, including content tagging and targeting
A team player who is eager to contribute to a high-energy and fast-paced editorial team
Ability to put yourself in the mind of the user and think holistically about content experience
Basic algebra and quantitative reasoning (logic) skills
Passion for solving health problems through technology, storytelling and stellar user experience
Demonstrated experience with data-driven decision-making.
Intensely curious, especially about how the relationship between data, engineering and editorial
Strong interpersonal skills and eager to work across all departments. Willingness to learn
Proficiency with tools such as word processing, spreadsheets and presentation software

ADDITIONAL SKILLS
Technology or consumer electronics experience valued
Experience with software engineers and agile methodologies valued
***As noted above, please include 3 relevant samples from your portfolio when submitting your application.

Desired Skills and Experience
3-5 years of experience as a copywriter, content strategist or equivalent, including at least 1 year of previous UI writing experience
BA degree
Superior written, verbal and editorial communication
An understanding of content management systems, including content tagging and targeting
A team player who is eager to contribute to a high-energy and fast-paced editorial team
Ability to put yourself in the mind of the user and think holistically about content experience
Basic algebra and quantitative reasoning (logic) skills
Passion for solving health problems through technology, storytelling and stellar user experience
Demonstrated experience with data-driven decision-making.
Intensely curious, especially about how the relationship between data, engineering and editorial
Strong interpersonal skills and eager to work across all departments. Willingness to learn
Proficiency with tools such as word processing, spreadsheets and presentation software

ADDITIONAL SKILLS
Technology or consumer electronics experience valued
Experience with software engineers and agile methodologies valued
***As noted above, please include 3 relevant samples from your portfolio when submitting your application.



Sitrion is looking for an experienced marketing professional to oversee all marketing content initiatives, both internal and external, across multiple platforms and formats to drive sales, engagement, retention, leads and positive customer behavior.

 

This is full-time position based in Denver, reporting to the VP of Marketing and requires collaboration across the company to define both the brand and product stories and the business value as interpreted by the customer. This role is cross functional and will be working with sales, business development, product development, and marketing teams – as well as engaging our customers and partners.

Responsibilities include:

Develop message mapping, audience personas, and buyer’s journey for target segments
Establish B2B content marketing plans that introduces prospects into the funnel and continually improves prospect nurturing and customer retention
Build and manage a rich content/editorial calendar that attracts a qualified audience (including email copy, datasheets/brochures, blog posts, whitepapers, ebooks, reports, webinars, infographics, case studies, etc. – content that is shareable to spread our brand story)
Maintain content inventory for marketing and sales enablement
Establish work flow for requesting, creating, editing, publishing, and retiring content that leverages subject matter experts from across the company
Build and manage the company’s social media profiles and presence, including Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and additional channels that may be deemed relevant
Lead relevant social discussions about our company, competitors, and/or industry, both from existing leads and customers as well as from brand new audiences.
Work with external PR, research, content development and distribution vendors to develop compelling content and effective distribution campaigns
Ensure consistent global experience and implement localization/translation where needed
Establish closed-loop analytics with sales to understand how our content turns into customers, and continually refine our process to convert customers
Desired Skills & Experience

Bachelor’s degree
Minimum 3 years of marketing experience
A passion for new technology (aka, using the tools you preach about) and usage of those tools within your own work
Basic understanding of B2B enterprise technology and the ability to articulate the business goals behind the creation of a piece (or series) of content (extra consideration will be given for knowledge of enterprise mobility market)
Experience building content marketing campaign plans
Proven editorial skills and outstanding command of the English language
Good eye for design and ability to work with internal creative resources to produce marketing materials
Experience building personas and mapping buyer journeys, and creating compelling messages for target audiences
Experience creating a resource or library of content organized according to SEO, campaign planning, translation and versioning requirements




 

Summary

Headquartered in Boulder Colorado, GIANTNERD® is on a mission to be the web's best social shopping community. Powered by love, we're where salesmanship and vanity are replaced by information and trust. A place where outdoor enthusiast can utilize cutting-edge social technology to make smart, educated purchases. With an industry leading 365 day return policy, we provide a transparent environment where users can share products, opinions, and ideas; and they can do it among like-minded consumers who are essential to a positive social shopping experience.

ABOUT YOU

With a love for outdoor sports and your own passions, you're looking to be part of something thats going big, REALLY BIG. You're not the type to sit around and fuss about. When presented with problems, you'd rather focus on the solution then dwell on the issues. Constantly challenging yourself, you're about the results, not the talk. You're down to earth, fun, caring, sharing and you want to be around like-minded individuals. You have a sense of urgency balanced out with a cool, calm and collected attitude.

ABOUT US

We only hire A players.

JOB DESCRIPTION

You will be immersed in a fast paced work environment promoting the values and philosophies of Giantnerd.com You will be challenged daily to the highest standards and be accountable for the accuracy and timely upload of content to Giantnerd. Giantnerd provides the best service experience in the industry. Accurate and timely content is paramount to a great customer experience. This entails hard work, organization, ownership, accountability, leadership, and most importantly ensuring the website is up to date and accurate.

Responsibilities
Collect, format, and upload content from multiple copywriters and vendors
Ensure content is accurate, descriptive and SEO friendly
Develop, document and automate content upload process and strategy
Quantify content upload capabilities, set, implement and meet strict targets and goals
Track, manage and report detailed status updates to senior management
Video content production (filming, light editing), upload and management (Youtube, Vimeo, etc.)
Product photography, photo finishing and uploading
Communicate and work directly with internal departments on a daily basis to ensure accurate data is displayed on website
Work with creative and merchandising to implement weekly and monthly merchandising and sales campaigns
Responsible for executing and supervising on time and accurate product uploads
Manage external freelance employees to execute content uploads and copy responsibilities
Work with external vendors to gather content for website
Be self motivated, proactive, resourceful and organized
Works exceptionally well with minimal supervision
Have a positive "Can Do" attitude
Have the ability to handle pressure and resolve issues 

QUALIFICATIONS
BS/BA Degree
2-4 Years professional web content experience. Retail outdoor company and ecommerce a plus
Proficient in Adobe Photoshop and Creative Suite
Basic HTML experience
Experience with modern CMS suite (Joomla, Wordpress, Drupal, Magento)
Experience with Magento is a HUGE plus
Experience in administrative order entry, photography, and website content management.
Organized, reliable, and detail oriented
Strong interpersonal skills; excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Proficient in MAC & PC computing environments
Proficiency with Excel, Word & Powerpoint.
Disciplined and Passionate cycling and outdoor enthusiast who wants to take ownership of website content ensuring accurate information is provided to the Giantnerd member community. 

PERKS
Health insurance
401k
Exceptional employee discount
Access to company gear closet
Complete holiday and vacation package
Competitive compensation based on skill level and experience
Opportunity to make great ideas come to life! 


Benefits:

Fast-paced, development-stage organization
Seasoned management team
Casual work environment
Flexible work schedules
Comprehensive benefits package
Career growth opportunities
Onsite gym and showers
Onsite cafeteria
Free coffee, tea, flavored water and sodas
 

Duties & Responsibilities:

Develop and maintain multimedia support tools, including online customer-facing and in-product help, brief how-to videos and FAQs for desktop and mobile applications
Collaborate with internal and external subject matter experts to gather content for user manuals, quick reference guides, internal product help, system diagrams, blog articles, etc.
Develop and maintain internal process documentation as appropriate
Assist with online customer support responses as appropriate
 

Required Skills:

3-5 years of experience in a software company developing multimedia content for end users and technical audiences
BA/BS in English, Technical Writing, or other related field
Expert content editing capabilities and project management skills
Ability to quickly learn new technologies and product functionality, and explain concepts in non-technical terms
Proficient with Adobe RoboHelp and/or MadCap Flare
Proficient with Camtasia or similar video editing tools
Proficient with Visio or similar diagramming tools
Proficient with Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and Excel
Enjoy working with a team of smart folks, but can work independently when needed
Effective time management skills with the ability to juggle multiple tasks and shifting requirements
 

Preferred Skills:

Experience working in an Agile environment
Experience with HTML, HTML5, and CSS
Experience with SaaS authoring and publishing tools (i.e. wikis, forums, and knowledge bases) and YouTube/Vimeo channels
Experience or interest in helping to organize and execute usability tests on documentation, UI, and product functionality
Experience with cryptography and secure applications
 


The Technical Writer reports to the VP of Products and will be expected to deliver comprehensive, complete, high quality documentation that is needed to support TraceSecurity’s GRC portfolio. The technical writer will collaborate with product management,  technical engineers, QA analysts and other subject matter experts to document use cases, create product summaries, user guides, pre-release guide,  FAQ’s and knowledge base articles and procedures. The technical writer position requires a creative personality, leadership, listening skills, detail oriented, results focused and strong inter-personal communication and facilitation skills.

 

Responsibilities:

Participate in Agile Development sprints

Talk with product designers and developers to gain understanding of application function

Organize and write all types of supporting documents for products

Use photographs, drawings, diagrams, animation, and charts for presenting about the product that increase users’ understanding

Select appropriate medium for message or audience, such as manuals or online videos

Standardize content across platforms and media

Offer recommendations to make products easier to use and thus need fewer instructions

Revise documents as new issues arise or new enhancements are added

Qualifications:

Candidates should have at least five years of progressively more responsible experience in technical writing with software company.

Bachelor's degree in Business, Engineering, Information and Computer Science, Communications, Journalism, English, Liberal Arts, or Technical Writing; or an equivalent combination of education, training, or experience in a related field

3+ years of experience writing highly technical documentation for complex applications, operating systems, hardware, software, or processes

Ability to own complex documentation projects with minimal supervision and meet tight deadlines with multiple deliverables

Ability to learn new technologies quickly

Effective data gathering skills with an ability to source content from multiple subject matter experts

Strong analytical and problem solving skills to decompose and distill relevant information

Experience functioning at a high level in a fast-paced work environment

Effective organization, prioritization and communication skills

Demonstrated ability to manage workload and time effectively

Demonstrated ability to work effectively in a team

Ability to multi-task and support multiple procedure assignments

Solid understanding of utilities and/or standards and procedure development

Research skills and the ability to read, understand, and extract information from process flow diagrams and technical literature

Experience analyzing, translating and redesigning technical documentation at a level suitable for the intended audience

General knowledge of applicable industry regulations, practices, codes, standards, and requirements, and the ability to become thoroughly familiar with this material within a reasonable period of time

Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, and Visio

Prior use of RoboHelp is a plus





Technical Writer for Software Documentation.  

The right candidate will be a results-driven, organized and self-motivated individual with excellent initiative and polished communication skills.   This Technical Writer will need to produce high-quality documentation that contributes to the overall success of our products.    The Technical Writer will work together with a Team of talented writers who will work collaboratively with Software Developers, Business Analysts, Project Managers, our Quality Assurance Team and Product Managers to make our products easier to understand and use.  This Technical Writer must be able to manage multiple projects concurrently, working in a dynamic, and fast-paced environment.   This is an exciting time in the company’s history as they are experiencing tremendous growth and will be able to offer an excellent long-term career home for the right individuals.       

Desired Skills and Experience
Responsibilities

Work with internal teams to obtain an in-depth understanding of our products and the documentation requirements
Produce high-quality documentation that meets applicable standards and is appropriate for its intended audience
Write easy to understand user interface text, online help, and developer guides
Writes instruction manuals and other documents that communicate complex, technical information into non-technical language
Develops business process documentation for both standardized practices or localized best-practices processes
 

Qualifications / Requirements

Strong knowledge of full SDLC and the ability to improve processes for the business
5+ years’ experience in technical writing of software documentation (or equivalent) in a fast-paced, corporate IT environment, preferably in a commercial software development environment
Ability to deliver high quality documentation paying close attention to detail
Ability to quickly grasp complex technical concepts and make them easily understandable in text and pictures
Ability to work under pressure to meet deadlines
Excellent written and communication skills
Demonstrate exceptional ability to observe technical processes and relay the information in a concise and effective manner
Excellent time management and multi-tasking skills
BS in Computer Science or Engineering preferred but not required



Contract opportunity with VERY hot company!!

 

Want to work a contract at a company that is making a difference in the world every minute of every day?! Talk about an exciting client doing exciting work! Anti- terrorism is just one component!! And no- it's NOT gov't work where you need a clearence and all that!  It's a Commercial, local, Bay Area company!

 

Seeking a Tech Writer for a contractor role- Newark, CA. If interested, please send a WORD version of your resume to todd@coretechsinc.com .

 

MUST BE LOCAL! 

Location- Newark, CA

Contract- 3 months+

Rate: up to $50.00+ hr.  

 

Responsibilities:

Basic Harware/Software creation of doc's. They want someone heavy in Framemaker! Secondarily they are seeking any of these skills: Visio, Word, Photoshop, Illustrator, and Acrobat, and Word templates.

Desirable: Familiarity with HTML, XML, MadCap, Flare, Markdown, and LaTeX.

 

From our client (and I have more info.): 

 

-The Technical Writer will create technical documents for company products (software and hardware)

and update existing documents.

-The Technical Writer will follow templates and guidelines for our clients product manuals

that will include user manuals, field service manuals, integration manuals, and technical procedures.

? Designs the layout for the documentation, co-ordinates work of contributors, illustrators,

designers, etc., and works with product management to create schedules and meet product

objectives.

? Documents installation, operating, maintenance, and service procedures for use by end users and

internal personnel.




Over the past few years, we've grown from a dorm room startup to become one of the largest clinical genome centers in the world. Our pre-pregnancy genetic test is now prescribed by physicians for more than 4% of all births in the United States, and we have recently released an inherited cancer risk test using our highly automated clinical laboratory. It is for these reasons that we are fifth on MIT’s list of ‘Smartest Companies’ making an impact today.

Counsyl is constantly building and validating new clinical processes and machines that require several types of documentation, including SOPs, validation reports, and product specification. As a technical writer at Counsyl, you will be charged with writing and maintaining documents concerning these internal processes as well as those regarding validation of our clinical tests. You will work with various people across the organization, including research scientists, automation engineers, product managers, and regulatory experts to prepare technical documentation for internal use as well as for the FDA and other agencies. You would be expected to understand the statistical thresholds and logical arguments as well as a range of regulatory guidelines required to develop such documents. Other items you’ll be managing and maintaining will range from production specification for our custom built mechatronic pipelines to operational instructions of reagent manufacturing to documentation demonstrating quality controls.

If this sounds like your kind of company, we invite you to apply.

 

What you'll do

Write FDA compliant protocol and machine validation documentation
Interact with operations and protocol experts to verify accuracy and maximize usability
Ensure that documents are complete, current and easily accessible
Critical analysis of projects, help assess for shortcomings in analysis
Work with multiple teams, gathering requirements and information to make our documentation complete, accurate, and concise
Create documents for design of experiment and data analysis; all reported clearly, concisely, and accurately, so that our lab maintains its regulatory compliance
Assist in applying cutting edge technology to quite literally save lives
Desired Skills and Experience
You should have a BS, MS, or PhD in Life Sciences and/or significant independent experience writing technical scientific documents
Experience creating and maintaining documentation in the biotechnology industry
Experience with FDA regulations is a major plus, as is experience with manufacturing and quality control
Strong verbal and written communicator
Independent and motivated worker
You are comfortable with handling multiple projects in various stages simultaneously and conscientiously
You enjoy a concise, efficient argument
You are, by now, annoyed by multiple grammatical ‘liberties’ in this post
You want to experience the rise of a startup from the inside



As a Technical Writer at Caspio, you will own the planning, development and implementation of programs that educate and familiarize the market and customers about Caspio. You will create presentations, videos, white papers, how-to documents, blogs and other materials to highlight the power and ease-of-use of Caspio’s platform and how it can address many day-to-day business needs.

 

Responsibilities

Plan, research, write, proofread and publish how-to articles, TechTip emails, white papers, blogs and case studies.
Develop and produce product documentation, training material, video tutorials, presentations and webinars.
Create sample apps and demos using the latest technologies and features.
Work closely with the technical support team to understand and address documentation shortcomings.
Desired Skills and Experience
BS or higher degree in computer science.
Superb writing and presentation skills.
Passion to work with technology and with people.
Previous hands-on experience in databases and web applications.
Experience working with video recording tools.
Ability to manage multiple projects and priorities concurrently.
Organized, methodical and self starter.
Previous experience in information architecture preferred.
Previous experience in web application development a plus.
Programming skills in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript a plus.



Listing Info

We’re looking for someone with excellent communication skills to join our Information Development team. The Information Development team is responsible for creating and maintaining instructional content for all products across print and web, collecting and synthesizing user feedback, and facilitating communication across the organization. Please submit a writing sample with your resume. We look forward to hearing from you.

Requirements
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Illustration and graphic design skills in Adobe or related programs with experience creating diagrams and document layouts
Proficiency in HTML and content management systems
Demonstrated ability to establish different editorial tones for target audiences
User research experience preferred
Experience with 3DR products, UAVs, or microcontrollers preferred
BA or BS in a field related to communications or engineering
US citizenship or a valid US work visa is required





Symphony Commerce is the leader in the space known as Commerce-as-as-Service. Our platform represents a better way for brands to connect with their consumers. Like many true innovations, our platform represents a new way of thinking. The Technical Writer position is responsible for creating and writing our various types of user documentation. This includes product manuals, training materials, and quick start guides. The consumers of this information are both internal (new employee training) and external (developers and customers). The role is part of the Marketing team, reporting directly to the Head of Marketing. The Technical Writer will have the opportunity to interface with all facets of the Symphony org. The opportunity is a contract position with the ability to convert into a full time team member based on initial project success. The right candidate has a track record of delivering superior technical documentation, working knowledge of eCommerce, and an innate curiosity about Commerce process (from websites to fulfillment). MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: Explain technical ideas and workflows in simple language Create user documentation for a variety of material, including how-to guides and instruction manuals Study drawings, specifications, mockups and product flows Gather information on their subjects in libraries and on the web Write technical direction on product announcements and training materials for internal employees and external clientsEnsure content flows in the correct sequence Write articles and reports on current trends in fields such as science and engineering Collaborate with internal subject matter experts for feedback Absorb, embrace, and contribute to the overall Symphony editorial tone QUALIFICATIONS Proven working experience in technical writing of software documentation with experience in Commerce (eCommerce, inventory management, fulfillment processes, etc) Excellent writing skills Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, Google Docs. Basic understanding of HTML and Markdown is a plus. Experience in creating visual charts to accompany written material Excellent project management/organizational skills Self-starter with ability to work both independently and collaboratively in a team environment Strong prioritization and multi-tasking skills EDUCATION/TRAINING/CERTIFICATION Bachelor’s Degree required (a combination of education and experience will be considered) WHY WORK HERE? Competitive Compensation The opportunity to join a fast growing commerce software company Full Benefits (Medical, Dental, and Vision) Access to the One Medical network Room for professional growth both lateral and vertical Work alongside a passionate team who thrives on fun and hard work Make an impact in commerce for all humanity 401k Plan Stocked kitchen and bar Catered lunches Lots of team building and fun activities Balanced work/life Symphony Commerce provides commerce infrastructure for thriving businesses who believe "performance matters". Symphony's ground-breaking platform provides Commerce as a Service - which means best-in-class DtC, Wholesale, and Fulfillment capabilities that are all seamlessly integrated without costly installations. Symphony's flexible
About this company
Symphony delivers enterprise-level commerce as a service to today’s fastest growing brands. Symphony handles critical wholesale and retail business requirements from commerce applications to supply chain logistics. This allows our brands to focus on core functions like building products and nurturing customer relationships. Symphony's commerce services include integrated solutions for web stores, fulfillment, and marketing. These services come together seamlessly to deliver intelligent and personalized experiences across the customer lifecycle, so our brands can deliver a unified, branded commerce experience. With our pay-per-use model, our success is tied to our brands; there are no setup costs or hidden fees.

