1. Technical Writer, Manager, Developer Relations
Google - Mountain View, CA, USA
Posted 7 days ago

About this job
Job description
Technical writers take complex information and communicate it clearly, concisely and accurately without relying on technical or corporate jargon to explain what they're trying to say. With a unique cross functional perspective, our team of technical writers are the key link between our engineers, marketing associates, developer advocates and external users and developers who comprise the wide Google ecosystem. As a Technical Writer, you juggle a variety of projects, from reading and writing example code, to updating FAQs, to drafting product announcements. When a new technical challenge rises to forefront, you are there to defuse it with your clarifying pen (or keyboard, more likely).  Using your extensive technical and leadership experience, you manage a team of writers, setting direction, giving feedback, collaborating internally and lending specific content expertise.

As a Technical Writer, you will communicate with hundreds of thousands of developers worldwide through conceptual documentation, training and instructional content, API References, sample code, and videos. You'll have plenty of opportunity to inspire our developer community through the creation of simple code samples or complex sample applications that will supplement core documentation. You might have a background as a developer, and write as a hobby; or perhaps you're an experienced communicator who loves digging deep into code. One thing is for certain - you are passionate about helping developers do amazing things.

Responsibilities
Lead a team of Technical Writers, setting the goals, priorities and vision.
Write technical documentation for our external developer audience, such as API reference docs and developer guides.
Design and organize documentation sets for new APIs and developer products.
Edit, clarify, and proofread documents written by others, and coach non-writers on ways to improve their writing skills.
Manage complex documentation projects.


Minimum qualifications
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
Team management experience.
Experience with product documentation, product communications, technical publications or media.
Experience working with source code written in C++, Python and/or JavaScript.


Preferred qualifications
6 years of relevant work experience, including experience researching and writing excellent documentation for developers (APIs, SDKs, web technologies).
Ability to manage multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment
Excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to build strong relationships and evangelize the craft with internal stakeholders.


Area

Making the world's information universally accessible and useful doesn't stop at the desktop. The Mobile team builds tools to get you the information you need no matter where you are. Our open-source Android operating system has become the world's most popular mobile ecosystem, powering hundreds of devices from smartphones to tablets. Whether adding to the core Android experience, forging new markets for digital content, creating immersive and portable versions of our products or managing relationships with a global community of developers, the Mobile team is giving you Google on the go.


2. 08/26/14 - Tech Writer [lionbridge]

Job Type: Contract

Duration: 6 months

Location: Austin, TX (onsite)

Description: Lionbridge is looking for a senior level writer who is expert in many industry-standard technologies and understands industry initiatives, such as content management, single sourcing, xml, controlled English, etc.

The writer drafts, reviews, and edits documentation deliverables, training materials, and other textual communications. Interviews subject-matter experts, attends project meetings as needed, and manages his/her project hours. Communicates/collaborates with other staff writers, client subject matter experts (SMEs) and project managers.

Duties:

    Develops, writes, and edits outlines, drafts, and final deliverables for review by customer.
    Follows style sheet guidelines and customer and industry style guides.
    Researches information about the product by interviewing subject-matter-experts.
    Works closely with the graphic designers to provide files, incorporates graphics into files, and gives feedback on graphics.
    Serves as the "information expert" on the product and provides recommendations and ideas to the customer on presentation, structure, and organization of the materials.
    Aligns with the goals, strategies, and objectives of customer.
    Exhibits an excellent customer service attitude at all times.
    Delivers every component according to schedule.
    Conducts internal and customer project and review meetings.
    Proactively informs the Program Manager about project status, issues, or concerns.
    As needed, ensures deliverables are written for localization and reviewed by localization at the designated time according to the project schedule.

Requirements:

    Expert-level skills with XML, PowerPoint, Adobe Acrobat
    Proficiency with MS Office Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, etc.)

Preferences:

    6+ yearsí experience as a technical writer
    Experience documenting security software

Contact Information: veronica.schnizler@lionbridge.com

Company Information: www.lionbridge.com

3. Sr. Technical Writer

Job Description:

Sr. Technical writer 6 month contract based in Austin Texas, we are looking for 2 people for this position.

The role and responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to the following:

Writes a variety of technical articles, reports, brochures, and/or manuals for documentation for a wide range of uses.

May be responsible for coordinating the display of graphics and the production of the document.

Required Skills and Experience:
Requires a Bachelorís degree or equivalent in a related area and 4-6 years of experience in the field or in a related area.

Five or more yearsí experience writing SOP, Tech documents referencing (data centers, networking, startup procedures, troubleshooting checklists, root cause analysis templates, rack configuration, application components and interfaces.

Familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular field.

Relies on limited experience and judgement to plan and accomplish goals.

Performs a variety of tasks.

A certain degree of creativity and latitude is required.

Filed Under: Careers Tagged With: carvechi, technical writer

http://carvechitechnology.com/technical-writer

4. ENTRY LEVEL TECHNICAL WRITER/EDITOR
Job ID: 	19779063
Position Title: 	ENTRY LEVEL TECHNICAL WRITER/EDITOR
Company Name: 	General Atomics (Wrap)
Job Function: 	Engineering
Entry Level: 	No
Location(s): 	San Diego, California, 92101, United States  
	
Posted: 	August 23, 2014
Job Type: 	Full-Time
Job Duration: 	Indefinite
Min Education: 	None
Min Experience: 	None
Required Travel: 	10-25%
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Apply URL: 	http://generalatomicswrap.contacthr.com/34956665
Save Job 	Email Job 	Print Job 	 
Job Description
Pay Type:  Annual
Clearance Required:  Desired

General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable Unmanned Aircraft Systems and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems.

We have an exciting opportunity for an Entry Level Technical Writer in our Technical Publications Engineering group.

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:

    Prepare unmanned aircraft and ground control station (GCS) technical documentation and manuals, to include operator and maintenance, aircraft flight operations, aircraft and GCS maintenance, training documentation, and other ground and support equipment manuals as required.
    Technical writing duties include researching, documenting, and developing detailed procedures to include operator, maintenance, troubleshooting, fault isolation, checklists, technical specifications, field alert bulletins, training materials, and other procedures and reports to military requirements.
    Develop and review technical documents for content, accuracy, and format.
    Planning, coordinating, and leading the efforts of a small team to complete the project and may provide direction and training to less experienced staff.
    Working with Arbortext Editor, Microsoft Office Suite, Visio, Adobe Illustrator, Visio, SGML-based writing and other applications, including interactive manuals and desktop publishing.
    Technical writing source material comes in the form of engineering drawings, software description documents, test plans, design specifications/documentation, as well as discussions with engineers, pilots, technicians, and military/civilian customers.
    Investigate and resolve problem areas and interface with various engineering, operations and maintenance personnel to document the technical solution.
    Work experience divided between active duty military assignments in flight operations and maintenance squadrons, followed by technical writing experience as a DoD contractor and/or in the commercial aviation sector.
    Hands-on experience in aircraft flight and ground operations, maintenance, and system troubleshooting, and technical writing experience in the development of technical manuals and training documentation for military aircraft systems.
    Specific experience in operations and/or maintenance of aircraft systems, such as avionics, mechanical/engines, electrical/electronic, RF, EO/IR, and weapons systems.
    Ability to demonstrate a technical understanding of military or technical systems.

APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Apply URL: 	http://generalatomicswrap.contacthr.com/34956665

5. Sr. Technical Writer
Job ID: 	19647959
Position Title: 	Sr. Technical Writer
Company Name: 	Aerohive Networks
Job Function: 	Technical Writer
Entry Level: 	No
Location(s): 	Sunnyvale, California, 94085, United States  
	
Posted: 	August 15, 2014
Job Type: 	Full-Time
Job Duration: 	Indefinite
Min Education: 	BA/BS/Undergraduate
Min Experience: 	5-7 Years
Required Travel: 	0-10%
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Contact Person: 	Sharad Kolla	
Email Address: 	skolla@aerohive.com
Save Job 	Email Job 	Print Job 	 
Job Description

Aerohive Networksóthe pioneer in controller-less Wi-Fióreduces the cost and complexity of today's networks with cloud-enabled Wi-Fi and routing solutions for medium and large enterprise headquarters, branch offices and teleworkers. Aerohiveís award-winning cooperative control Wi-Fi architecture, public or private cloud-enabled network management, routing and VPN solutions eliminate costly controllers and single points of failure. This gives its customers mission critical reliability with granular security, policy enforcement and the ability to start small and expand without limitations.

Aerohive Networks is the right place to be and now is the right time to join us and be part of our spectacular growth and success. We're looking for the best and the brightest 'A' players who want to make a difference doing a job they love. Aerohive offers attractive compensation and excellent benefits. We even have a Fun Committee that supports various community causes.

We currently have an exciting opportunity for a dedicated, creative, senior-level technical writer with a solid understanding of the following network and wireless protocols and principles:

    Wireless LAN: SSIDs, QoS, 802.11n, VoIP
    Layer 2 switching: VLANs, STP, IGMP, and LLDP
    Network technologies like IPv4 and IPv6, DHCP, DNS, PPPoE, IPsec VPNs
    Authentication: RADIUS, Active Directory, LDAP, Open Directory, 802.1X/EAP
    Basic dynamic routing protocols: BGP, OSPF, and RIP
    Security: stateful firewalls, DoS prevention, rogue detection and mitigation

You will have to combine theoretical networking and wireless knowledge with hands-on testing of product features to produce excellent technical documentation and contribute to the design and development of the features you are documenting.
Job Requirements

Responsibilities

    Document Aerohive router, wireless access point, switch, and VPN concentrator products. Your writing must explain what Aerohive technology is, and why, when, and how to use its various features
    Create new content and update existing content in configuration guides, online context-sensitive Help systems, CLI Help, error messages, release notes, and QuickStarts, all created for customer consumption
    Work primarily on site at our headquarters in Sunnyvale, California

Qualifications

    BA in English or BS in Computer Science with several years of technical writing experience
    Proficiency using Adobe FrameMaker, MadCap Flare, and Microsoft Word
    Familiarity with Adobe InDesign, Illustrator, and Acrobat
    Strong writing skills, solid command of English grammar and punctuation (Do you know the difference between gerund and infinitive phrases?), and an ability to adapt to our writing styles
    The ability to create and/or update technical line illustrations using Illustrator is a plus.
    Fearlessness and enthusiasm when learning new technologies
    Please be prepared to provide writing samples if asked

Please visit our Careers page at https://careers-aerohive.icims.com/jobs/intro?hashed=-435775074
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Contact Person: 	Sharad Kolla	
Email Address: 	skolla@aerohive.com

6. Digital Content Manager
Elearning! Media Group, a B2B Media Company - Greater Los Angeles Area
Posted 10 days ago

Job description

We seek a professional with the following experience:

    1-3 years in newspaper, or trade media publishing, e-learning, HR or training industry preferred
     Web seminar presenter and/or moderator experience
     Writing, editing and proofreading for publications, blogs, eNewsletters
     Managing educational event content and call for papers process
     Supervising annual awards programs. We host two: Best of Elearning! and Learning! 100
     Bachelorís degree or equivalent experience 

This position is home-based with 10-15% travel. To apply, please send resume, salary history and expectations to: cupton@b2bmediaco.com.  Learn more about us at: www.2elearning.com
Desired Skills and Experience

B2B Media Company LLC is a private trade media group publishing Elearning! and Government Elearning! brands as well as custom products. We are staffed by experts with over 100 years of combined media experience. B2B Media Company publishes the following Elearning! and Government Elearning! brands: magazines, e-zines, e-newsletters, e-mail Alerts, Elearning! Summits, hybrid Enterprise Learning! Summit and Expo, Web sites and web seminar series. To learn more about us, visit www.2elearning.com.
About this company

Job Description

Elearning! Media Group, an 18 time award-winning media brand, seeks a digital content manager to join our team and the exciting e-learning industry.

Your role will be writer, moderator and conference programming manager. We seek someone well versed in B2B media including magazines, blogs, web seminars and event programming.

Elearning! Magazine is a bi-monthly publication with a government edition produced as a 3x eMagazine. Weekly email Newsletters and monthly web seminars keep our B2B community up to date. We also host the Enterprise Learning! Conference  annually, and  (3) Virtual Elearning! Summits. Discover everything Elearning! at: www.2elearning.com

Our $220 Billion industry is  growing at a 24% CAGR.  Our team moves just as quickly. If you have passion for learning, embrace technology and a voice to share with this thriving industry, we want to talk with you.

7. Technical Writer
HENSEL PHELPS - Denver, CO
Posted 3 days ago

Job description

Hensel Phelps, a nationally recognized Facility Life Solution provider is hiring a Technical Writer in Denver, Colorado.

Reporting directly to the Executive Director of Business Development and Marketing, the technical writer will optimize previously written communications and support business development and operations activities as assigned. As the Technical Writer, you will improve on current content, as well as develop new content with the input of subject-matter experts on the business development and operations teams. Your content will need to be highly organized to meet our client requirements and specifications regarding order, clarity, brevity, style, and terminology. The Technical Writer will also edit material and standardized content as needed to meet end-user requirements. You must be flexible with your schedule (occasional evening/weekends) to meet deliverable deadlines.

Proactively support the assigned group on technical reports, consultancy reports, communications collateral, and other related marketing/sales activities as required.

The Technical Writer will be an integral part of the team that is responsible for the capture, development, and production of proposals, technical reports, and marketing materials, working in a virtual environment.  Qualifications should include:

        Ability to effectively manage deliverable development from inception to delivery 

        Ability to work in a high-energy team environment 

        Ability to review and rewrite deliverable inputs (Red Team) 

Ability to thrive in a deadline-oriented environment
Desired Skills and Experience

Required Skill Set:

    Excellent command of the English language, both written and oral.

    Attention to detail. Proofreading skill a plus. Visual layout skill a plus.

    Ability to describe technical concepts and present them in a clear, professional, and concise manner in both oral and written forms.

    Ability to break down technical topics for consumption by users who are not technically savvy.

    Experience in writing technical reports and executive summaries.

    Experience in writing training documentation for technical staff.

    Ability to rapidly assimilate and adapt materials for new technologies.

    Microsoft Office 365, Adobe Creative Suite - advanced knowledge and capabilities.

    Experience in marketing and advertising technology products is a big plus.

    Specific technical content writing experience includes use cases, technical training materials, and other documentations.

    Clear, succinct, and engaging writer that understands how to tailor information for the target audience.

    Excellent writing, grammar, spelling, and formatting skills. 

    Heavy involvement in creating technical content. 


Qualifications

Excellent analytical and communications skills, a team player and leader, with high energy and initiative, and a basic understanding of technical processes. Requires organizational skills with attention to detail, experience writing in a conversational yet professional tone and style. Ability to function independently in a fast-paced working environment to produce publication-quality first drafts and who can effectively manage their own workload with minimal supervision.

 

        Bachelor's degree in writing, marketing, engineering, communications, business, or related field 

        Exceptional writing skills 

        This position requires a minimum 7-10 years of recent relevant working experience  

        Previous experience in facilities management, real estate, construction, or professional engineering industries is a must 

        Excellent writing and communications skills 

        Advanced proficiency in all MS Suite and Adobe CC Suite   

Send your resume, together with a variety of technical writing samples (use cases, technical documentation, etc.), and explain why youíd make a great addition to our team.

Please: NO third-party recruiters or consultants.

8. Technical Writer
PDS Technical Services - Santa Clara, California
Posted 13 hours ago
Apply on company website

Job description
Listing Info

PDS is seeking a Technical Writer for an open position in Santa Clara Valley, CA.

In This Position You Will

    Contribute to current and future video applications.
    As a technical writer on the Video Applications team, the technical writer is responsible for capturing and documenting the following for use by engineering, QA, UI design, customer support, and instructional design: functioning requirements, detailed software specifications

Knowledge and Skills&#149;:

    BS/BA degree required in English, Communication, Computer Science, Engineering, Technical Writing, or other related degree.
    3+ years of technical writing experience for complex software applications, or a master's degree in Technical Communication.
    Familiarity with Agile or Scrum Framework a plus.

The Ideal Candidate Must

    Understand complex apps.
    Be familiar with documenting functional requirements with use cases.
    Be familiar with documenting app interaction workflow and UI.
    Have a general familiarity with Company video apps such as Final Cut Pro.
    Have excellent composition and grammar skills.
    be detail-oriented.
    Be an exceptional team player &#8212; must be able to work with technical staff to gather information.
    Understand the app life cycle.
    Be able to manage schedules, reviews, and approval processes of documentation.
    Work with minimal direction toward predetermined goals.
    Independently anticipate and resolve problems in a fast-paced application development team
    environment.
    Be able to provide writing samples.

    Please note availability of benefits may vary by position.

    PDS specializes in Engineering and IT arenas including Aerospace, Defense, Electronics, Telecommunications, Automotive, and Energy just to name a few. Our reputation, track record, and years of continuous growth reflect the commitment to quality that our employees and clients experience first-hand. For more information about PDS, please check our website, www.pdstech.com

    $$$ PDS pays for referrals! $$$

    We pay thousands each month in referral bonuses!
    Contact a recruiter for details.
    To find a branch near you, look at our Branch Locator

    This position may require you to submit to and pass a drug test and/or background check. If this is a hands-on position, you may also be required to pass a safety and productivity examination. PDS Tech, Inc. will comply with all applicable federal and state laws governing the use of such background checks and drug tests.

9. Staff Technical Writer, Platform
GE Software - San Francisco Bay Area
Posted 4 days ago

About this job
Job description

As a Staff Technical Writer, you will collaborate with Software Engineering and Quality Engineering teams to develop technical documentation using the DITA structured authoring architecture, actively participate with other technical writers to continuously refine the documentation development process in an Agile environment, and help drive the documentation efforts that support the goals and objectives of our new Software Center of Excellence (based in San Ramon, California).Essential Responsibilities

In this role, you will:

        Collaborate with cross-functional teams, primarily Software Engineering and Quality Engineering, to produce and release accurate, high-quality documentation for consumption by our GE internal technical customer base

        Actively participate in daily Scrum stand-up meetings , weekly planning, and review meetings

        Write API, UI, administration, and installation guides, which may include developer and administration guides

        Use XMetaL as the authoring tool within a CMS under source control to create and structured content in DITA

        Review, and edit /update new and existing platform-based documentation to validate for accuracy, clarity, consistency, and overall quality
        Track and manage project efforts Perform other tasks as directed by the Information Development Manager. 

Qualifications/Requirements

A minimum of 5 years of experience in technical writing position with proven ability to write quality documentation from concept to completion

A minimum of 3 years' experience in documenting software

Eligibility Requirements:

Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job

Must be willing to work out of an office located in San Ramon, CA

Must be willing to travel
Desired Skills and Experience

        Bachelor's Degree in Computer Engineering or in a STEM major (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math)

        Experience in documenting software in an Agile development environment

        Excellent verbal and written skills: Professional communicator and collaborator with a keen eye for quality and detail, including strong working knowledge and application of style guidelines and industry practices

        Track record of working with high velocity engineering organizations, both startups and large corporations

        Ability to work under time pressure to meet frequent deadlines.

        A "self-starter" with excellent communication skills and the ability collaborate across multiple teams in development and QA organizations Experience writing about complex engineering topics.

        Ability to write to technical audiences. (Terms like JSON, OSGi, SOAP, and J2EE don't scare you)

        Ability to learn new technology quickly, experience in API or platform and services documentation a plus

    Knowledge of using an XML-based authoring tool preferred

10. Technical Writer
Cloudmark - San Francisco Bay Area
Posted 5 days ago

About this job
Job description

Objective of Position

Cloudmark is looking for a seasoned technical writer with experience crafting a wide range of documentation, from highly technical SDK guides intended for application developers to clear and simple online help intended for home users.  This role requires interfacing with various teams both inside and outside of the organization in order to plan for and solicit feedback on a wide range of documentation-related projects.


Responsibilities

    Write, format, and maintain technical documentation for delivery to Cloudmark's customers, including messaging system administrators, operations personnel, application developers, and consumers.
    Work with engineering, QA, product management, beta test participants, OEM partner application developers, and field technical sales to gather information about new and updated products, set priorities and milestones, conduct iterative review cycles, and publish documentation on time for each release.
    Participate in UI design with the goal of maximizing product usability.
    Produce content that is concise, complete, accurate, easy to navigate, and appropriate for the audience's level of technical proficiency.
    Work with technical support staff to monitor customer responses and modify the documentation as needed to minimize required support resources.
    Work with marketing staff to update product datasheets and Web content.

Desired Skills and Experience

Requirements

    Intermediate-to expert-level ability to use the following tools and formats:  
        Adobe FrameMaker
        Adobe Illustrator or similar vector image authoring tools
        Adobe Photoshop or similar raster image authoring tools
        Adobe Acrobat Pro and Distiller
        Adobe InDesign
        MediaWiki
        HTML/CSS 
    Familiarity with C/C++ APIs, PHP, and DITA XML
    User-level UNIX skills, Red Hat Linux or Debian-based OSís preferred
    Familiarity with fixed line or mobile messaging technology, spam, phishing, and viruses
    Ability to work both independently and collaboratively
    Excellent written and verbal communication skills 

Education & Experience

    Bachelorís degree in English or equivalent experience
    Bachelorís degree in Computer Science or Engineering or equivalent experience a plus
    At least 3 years of technical writing or similar experience
    Experience writing for audiences at varying levels of technical proficiency
    Experience writing for both print and online media 
Job Ad 1
Position: Technical Writer (Long Term Freelance)
Location: Dallas Area
Status: Freelance
Estimated Duration: 1-2 Months
Starts: August
Rate: DOE
Job Description:
Our downtown Dallas client is looking for a Technical Writer with experience developing training material. This is an onsite, freelance assignment beginning in August and continuing for up to two months.
The ideal candidate has experience writing end user training materials for technology solutions.
We are looking for someone to help develop classroom training sessions for a new mobile app technology. Content will be presented in PowerPoint.
In this role, you will work closely with the BA to familiarize yourself with the technology and will then be responsible for crafting training materials.
If you feel you are qualified for this position please send your resume (and samples if applicable) to: Dallas6@jobalert.creativecircle.com
View additional job opportunities at www.creativecircle.com
**MUST be located in the DFW area to be considered**

Job Ad 2
Technical Writer - Documentation
About the Job
We have a unique opportunity for a motivated professional. Our company is looking for a long term contractor to assist in creating, writing, and compiling technical documentation. This is a group environment, so being able to work collaboratively is key. Prefer candidates that are in the Dallas area as this is an onsite position.
Our ideal candidate will have:
- Technical writing experience with User Documentation
- Proficiency with Adobe software: InDesign, Framemaker, Illustrator, Photoshop and Distiller
- Experience with MS Word
- Excellent command of English grammar and spelling
- Experience with HTML files a plus
- Experience in the telecommunications industry a plus
- Localization and language knowledge a plus
Successful candidate must possess a keen eye for details and work well within deadlines.  
We offer a friendly, flexible, and professional work environment. Please see our website at: www.tnations.com  for more information about our company. Please Apply below (no phone calls, please) and we can start discussing your future with us.

Company
TransNation Translations, Inc.?
Location
Dallas, TX 75248
Industries
Business Services - Other
Job Type
Full Time
Temporary/?Contract/?Project
Years of Experience
2+? to 5 Years
Education Level
Bachelor's Degree
Career Level
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Salary
25.?00 - 35.?00 $ /?hour

Job Ad 3
Technical Writer / Marketing Specialist – Contract
About the Job
Title: Technical Writer / Marketing Specialist – Contract
Salary and Compensation:
                   $4K to $5K per month
Job Description
Specifics:
                   This is an on-site contract job in Plano, TX.  
             Contract Period: six months
                   Generate web site contents
                   Marketing collateral development
                   Technical writing
                   Logo development
                   Video production
Desired Skills and Experience
                   2 to 10 years of technical writing experience
                   Excellent presentation and communication skills
                   Ability to work productively as an individual and in a team environment
                   Bachelor’s degree required
Company Description
Newline Interactive is a leading provider of advanced computer displays and interactive whiteboards that are sold into corporate and commercial markets as well as various education markets.  We have won numerous awards, such as the North America Office Products Association award for Product Innovation of the Year in 2011.
We are looking for candidates who enjoy working with a world class team in a fast growing start-up environment.  If you are interested in the job opportunity, please send your resume to hr@newline-interactive.com.

Job Summary
Company
Newline Interactive, Inc.
Location
Plano, TX 75074
Industries
Manufacturing - Other
Job Type
Full Time
Temporary/Contract/Project
Years of Experience
2+ to 5 Years
Education Level
Bachelor's Degree
Career Level
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Salary
4,000.?00 - 5,000.?00 $ /month
Job Reference Code
75074

Job Ad 4
Technical Writer
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Our client is seeking a Technical Writer in Fort Worth, Texas (TX). This is a great opportunity but a temporary position with this company. Description:
Responsible for interviewing members of various departments and documenting their day to day processes and procedures.
Document internal processes for planning, developing, organizing, writing and editing operational, software, maintenance, test procedures and/ or manuals.
May develop and document technical design specifications and flowcharts.
May produce electronic documentation such as CDs and online user help tools.
May acquire and organize source material, including applicable specifications and technical write-ups.
REQUIREMENTS:
4-year degree or related field or equivalent experience
2+ years experience in technical writing
Knowledge/Skills:
Working knowledge of technical writing in a systems environment.
Ability to write in explanatory, procedural and creative styles and for multiple audiences.
Good oral and written communication skills required.
Attention to detail and ability to handle multiple projects.

Job Ad 5
Specifications Writer (Fort Worth or Houston)
JOB FUNCTION: Interprets architectural and engineering plans, and prepares project manuals for renovation and new construction projects in various markets. 
OVERVIEW: Carlton Staffing is looking for a talented, professional individual in either the Fort Worth or Houston area to serve as a Specifications Writer. The ideal candidate should be a good communicator, needing to coordinate with architects, designers, directors/principals and consultants (the entire project team) in the development of project manuals. The successful candidate will work closely with, and be assigned projects by, the Director of Specifications.
RESPONSIBILTIES:
•Interprets architectural and engineering plans to prepare project manuals.
•Conducts quality reviews of construction drawings while researching and preparing specifications.
•Aware of the products on the market, including the continually changing manufacturers to help maintain in-office Masters.
•Assists in maintaining and developing the firm library for use of the specifications writer, designers and architects.
•Prepares project manuals including general conditions and has a clear, fundamental understanding of the legalities involved in each of the AIA Contract Documents.
•Has a clear understanding of the different project delivery methods (e.g. CSP, Construction Management, Design-Build) and how they affect the contractual requirements within the project manual.
•Prepares progress and proposal/bid set printings, assuring that documents are ready for printing, sealing, signing and distribution.
•Works with both our Fort Worth and Houston offices to prepare specifications that are unique to each.
REQUIREMENTS:
•A minimum of three years architectural specifications writing experience. 
•Architectural degree preferred. 
•Strong written and verbal communication skills.
•Proficiency in Microsoft Word required.
•Knowledge of LEED®, CHPS, building code and energy code required.
•Working knowledge of AutoCAD and Revit desired.

Job Ad 6 - SpaceX
PROPOSAL EDITOR
From release of a customer’s requirements through award of a contract, the Proposal Editor manages the preparation and submittal of SpaceX’s bids for competitive business opportunities, usually launch services worth millions or hundreds of millions of dollars. In this role, you’ll prepare proposals that describe the features and benefits of SpaceX’s constantly evolving technology and launch services. You will manage authors from across SpaceX’s technical and business teams as they prepare text addressing specific customer needs. You’ll edit, rewrite and write technical and nontechnical text as necessary to prepare the most compelling possible proposals. You’ll also be responsible for the creation of clear, visually persuasive graphics and the timely printing and delivery of a clean, error-free final product.
The position requires the energy, initiative and dependability to produce documents that reflect SpaceX’s commitment to the rapid and reliable advancement of human spaceflight.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Read, understand and communicate the highly complex requirements of new customer opportunities.
Draft proposal outlines.
Manage section authors from across the company, setting and enforcing deadlines and expectations.
Ensure documents conform to company format and editorial style.
Ensure proposals comply with customer instructions.
Edit and rewrite as necessary for clarity, logic and readability.
Fact-check information and flag technical errors.
Edit for spelling, grammar and punctuation.
Help identify and develop supporting graphics.
Work with technical and business staff to resolve open issues and questions about proposal text, figures and tables.
Guide documents through review and approval processes.
Prepare documents for print. Produce required copies and arrange delivery.
Improve and streamline the proposal development process.
Help maintain repository of frequently used proposal information.
Support Mission Management, Sales, and other SpaceX organizations with editing, writing, publication and communication.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor’s degree in journalism, English, or a related field.
A minimum of 5 years’ experience publishing documents and/or editing the work of others.
High proficiency in the professional-level preparation of documents for publication in Microsoft Office (2007 or more recent), or 5 or more years of experience with a non-Office word processing program and desktop publishing software. (Assessments will be administered as part of the interview process.)
Demonstrable editing skills at the organizational, structural, sentence, fact-checking and proofreading levels.
PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:
Experience with proposal or grant writing.
Ability, or potential, to help implement proposal strategy.
Knowledge of government or commercial proposals.
Experience writing captions or headlines.
Experience following an editorial style guide.
Ability to turn strings of buzz words or jargon into coherent writing.
Strong grasp of language, including nuance and tone.
Proven ability to work under the pressure of long- and short-term deadlines.
Demonstrated record of successfully planning and completing both short- and long-term projects.
Demonstrated leadership, influence and collaboration skills.
Demonstrated organizational skills.
Demonstrated attention to detail.
Basic knowledge of SpaceX’s mission, business model and competition.
TO APPLY:
Complete the online application.
Provide two writing samples of 500 words or more, each targeted at a different audience.
Provide a narrative summary of the founding, history and current technical capabilities of SpaceX, drawing only from publicly available sources of information. Draft should be no more than one single-spaced page of text.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:
To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.
SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identification, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceX’s Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application/interview process should notify the Human Resource Department at (310) 363-6000.
JOB LOCATION
Hawthorne, CA, United States

Job Ad 7 - SpaceX
PROPOSAL DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER
Own the proposal development process, from release of a customer’s requirements through award of a contract. In this role, you will help the Sales team prepare proposals that describe the features and benefits of SpaceX launch services while meeting customer requirements. You will edit, rewrite and write technical and nontechnical text, and coordinate responses with the technical and business staff. You’ll also prepare complementary graphics and publish the final product.
The position requires the energy, initiative and dependability to produce company-critical documents.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Create files and outlines for proposal sections in Microsoft Word.
Make documents conform to company format and editorial style.
Make sure proposals comply with customer instructions.
Edit for spelling, grammar and punctuation.
Edit and rewrite as necessary for clarity, logic, fluency and readability.
Verify accuracy of information presented and flag technical errors.
Help identify and develop supporting graphics.
Work with technical and Sales staff to resolve open issues and questions about proposal text, figures and tables.
Guide documents through review and approval processes.
Prepare documents for print. Produce required copies and arrange delivery.
Improve and streamline the proposal development process.
Help maintain repository of frequently used proposal information.
Support Mission Management, Sales, and other SpaceX organizations with editing, writing, publication and communication skills.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor's Degree in Engineering.
A minimum of 5 years’ experience publishing documents and/or editing the work of others.
Able to provide three writing samples of 500 words or more, each targeted at a different audience.
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office (2007 or more recent), or 5 or more years of experience with a non-Office word processing program and desktop publishing software. (Assessments will be administered as part of interview process.)
Demonstrable editing skills at the organizational, structural, sentence, fact-checking and proofreading levels.
PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:
Experience with proposal or grant writing.
Ability, or potential, to help implement proposal strategy.
Knowledge of government or commercial proposals.
Experience writing captions or headlines.
Experience following an editorial style guide.
Ability to think clearly and lead others through logical thoughts by using coherent writing, instead of just stringing words together.
Strong grasp of language, including nuance and tone.
Proven ability to work under the pressure of a deadline.
Demonstrated record of successfully planning and completing both short- and long-term projects.
Demonstrated leadership, influence and collaboration skills.
Demonstrated organization skills.
Demonstrated attention to detail.
Basic knowledge of what SpaceX does.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:
To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.
SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceX’s Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application/interview process should notify the Human Resource Department at (310) 363-6000.
JOB LOCATION
Hawthorne, CA, United States

Job Ad 8 - SpaceX
TECHNICAL WRITING - SENIOR 3D GRAPHIC ARTIST
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Create, capture, edit, annotate, animate, and process 3D models, 2D graphics, animations, photos, and videos, anticipating that they will eventually be used in an online environment.
Scratch-build photo-realistic 3D models and convert CAD files exported from our system into photo-realistic 3D models.
Create 3D illustrations for Customer Presentations; Inspection Criteria Documents; Standard Operating Procedures; Assembly Process Documents; and complex mechanical operations in which 3D modeling is especially required for comprehension.
Additional multimedia projects as requested by Management.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Must have 10 years of experience as an expert at creating and editing photo-realistic 3D models, 2D graphics, animations, photos, and videos.
Must have a Bachelor’s Degree
PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:
Proficient with page layout software such as Adobe InDesign
Proficient with TeamCenter Visualization Professional or Mockup 8.3
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:
To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about ITAR here.
SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceX’s Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application/interview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
CONNECT WITH US
Want to learn more about SpaceX career opportunities and culture? Be sure to connect with our recruiting team on social media: Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Tumblr, and SpaceX Careers.
JOB LOCATION
Hawthorne, CA, United States

Job Ad 9
About the Job
Overview
SCCI is seeking a Technical Writer in our Austin TX location to provide technical writing support for Interactive Electronic Technical Manuals.
Responsibilities
Research, create, edit and maintain technical on-line help system
Write materials in conformance with style guides and military document standards
Organize writing projects, and interface productively with subject matter experts, graphic illustrators, other writers, and management
Research product changes, documentation change requests, and other sources to determine required content updates
Proofread and edit documentation to ensure consistency of language and style, as well as correct application of templates
Conduct tests and participate in internal Q/A activities
Qualifications
Essential Skills and Experience
Must be a U.S. Citizen, and be able to obtain a security clearance
Associate's degree or higher from an accredited college or university
Five or more years of experience with the development of interactive/online technical documentation
Experience with mark-up and browser-based presentation technologies, such as DITA, XML, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Experience working with cross-functional teams across product development lifecycles
Excellent English skills; and proficiency in proofreading/editing, writing, and verbal communication
High degree of professionalism, adherence to high quality standards, and attention to detail
Preferred Skills and Experience
Two years experience as a project lead
Experience supporting military or government documentation standards
Experience with grant and proposal writing
SCCI is committed to providing a comprehensive and competitive benefits package to meet the needs of employees and their families. EOE of Minorities/Females/Vets/Disabilities

Company
SCCI
Location
Austin, TX 78759
Industries
Aerospace and Defense
Job Type
Full Time
Employee
Years of Experience
5+? to 7 Years
Education Level
Associate Degree
Career Level
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Job Reference Code
2014-1341

Job Ad 10
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Kforce has a client seeking a Technical Writer Advisor to work remotely on a 6 month contract position that is based out of Austin, TX.Responsibilities:
Documentation writer will need to document processes, procedures, tech documentation, test plans, business continuity and disaster recovery plans, and there could be more.
Will participate as part of a larger transition project team for IT Asset Management.
Ability to write process and procedures, test plans, business continuity and disaster recovery plans
REQUIREMENTS:
Must Have- ITIL v3 - Foundation
Process Improvement - Six Sigma Green Belt
3 -5 years experience in IT Service Management: IT Asset Management (ITAM)
3 - 5 years experience in ITIL Practitioner Srv. Desk & Inc. Mgt. Service Management. Infrastructure
3 - 5 years experience in MS Office Suite-Excel 2003.Service Desk. Infrastructure
3 - 5 years experience in MS Office Suite-Word 2003.Service Desk. Infrastructure

Job Information
Location:
Austin, TX 78701
Job Status:
Temporary/Contract/Project
Career Level:
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Posted:
9/3/2014
Job Code: 
1300~WQG~1363152T1
The Technical Writer role is responsible for writing, creating and ensuring accuracy of all user documentation for Nextech products, including guides for both internal and customer training, support and implementation/product manuals.

All activities must be in compliance with Equal Employment Opportunity laws, HIPAA, ERISA and other regulations, as appropriate. 

Essential Functions: In addition to working in accordance with appropriate conduct and behavioral standards, specific responsibilities of this role include:

Creation of accurate, detailed formal release notes

Ensuring all documented online help is up to date

Creation of all feature documentation (i.e. NexERX) 

Writing all technical documentation for support and implementation

Create internal and customer facing release notes
Create release level technical documentation for support and implementation
Create release level FAQs  
Create product based FAQs
Administering the internal Microsoft SharePoint site for the entire company
This includes managing the release level content within the products area
Taking minutes during release level meetings and posting these within SharePoint
Assisting with other departments in posting and managing content
Manage online help content and documentation technology 
Other areas

Assisting with the creation and management of the support knowledgebase documentation 
Job Requirements
Minimum Requirements:

Ability to explain technical ideas in simple language and ensure technical verbiage is easy to understand by the layperson.

Ability to conceptually follow the development life cycle and write clear and concise policies and procedures as it pertains to product and usage

Excellent writing skills
2+ years of experience writing documentation (technical writing or related field)

Ability to collaborate and consult with internal stakeholders to obtain accurate information for documentation

Strong attention to detail

BA in technical writing or related field

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience writing technical documentation for software products

Experience in healthcare or the healthcare IT field
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Job Description
Concord Hospital is currently looking for a Clinical Documentation Specialist (CDS) to join their team! This is a great opportunity for experienced RNís to grow their career! The ideal candidate will have a broad clinical knowledge base and understanding of DRG documentation requirements and enjoy working as part of a team.

The primary purpose of the CDS is to facilitate the improvement in the overall quality, completeness and compliance of clinical documentation in the medical record.  The CDS facilitates clarification of clinical documentation through extensive medical record review, interaction with physicians, nursing staff and other caregivers utilizing coding and clinical documentation expertise.   The CDS will manage a concurrent query process to accurately capture the appropriate documentation.   The CDS is also responsible for educating all members of the patient care team on appropriate documentation to support the use of hospital resources and the acuity of patients served.

Job Requirements
Required education included four years of formal training or education in specialty or related specialty beyond the high school level (e.g., Bachelorís Degree).   Certified Coding Specialist (CCS) required and Professional Registered Nurse (RN) preferred

Experience required includes 4 yearsí experience in the field and the demonstrated ability to effectively manage program operation
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Job Description
 
Technical Writer - (00002367)
Description
 
SUMMARY DESCRIPTION: Responsible for crafting, editing and coordinating digital communications, such as diagrams, models, design specifications and other appropriate documents as required. Draws on a familiarity with or knowledge of enterprise architecture, business architecture, programs & projects and activities to develop informational materials and to select and present information in a form and at a level suitable for the intended audience. These information materials may be for internal or external dissemination at all levels within the organization, and may include internal reports and publications; research protocols; education materials; summaries of programs, and reports of findings.
 
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work with Enterprise Architecture department to develop digital  documentation for architecture and program/project initiatives as well as improve document quality and usability
Reviews, develops, and edits complex written and graphical technical materials, including business/systems context diagrams, process model interactions, workflow diagrams, drawings, white papers, studies, and other materials
Ensures compliance with industry standards and best practices of style and format; excellent usage of the English language, and overall structure and organization of material to create professional documentation
 
 
Qualifications
 
 EDUCATION:  (Minimum formal education the job requires)
Associates degree required or equivalent work experience
Bachelorís Degree preferred 
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:  (Minimum experience the job requires)
6-12 months experience preferably within an enterprise architecture team
KNOWLEDGE:  (Level of knowledge required to perform the job effectively)
Proficiency in MS Office Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint, Visio, Photoshop CSx
Experience in creating high level architecture and business diagrams
Experience developing engineering documentation for process, organization, business interaction
 
Work Locations: 300 Concord Plaza DR 300 Concord Plaza Dr  San Antonio 78216
: Full-time
 Variable
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Editorial Manager 
Scientific Writer 
Joint Inflammation Modulation of Trauma Program (JIMoT) 
San Antonio, Texas
The immune-inflammatory modulation of trauma program is a DoD major research effort focused on applied translational research aimed at reducing mortality and morbidity of severe combat casualty. Traumatic hemorrhage (TH) represents the leading cause of death from severe traumatic injuries in both military and civilian environments.

Our client is in need of a Scientific Writer to aid in their mission.

General Duties: 
ï Edit, copyedit and proofread, as well as rewrite sections, and provide writing assistance. 
ï Make analytical and technical reports clear and accessible to a broad audience, including Members of Congress, Congressional staff, researchers, and other members of the public. 
ï Perform substantive editing, copyediting, and proofreading that may entail reorganizing drafts and rewriting sections, in addition to providing writing assistance. 
ï Write articles and book chapters based on existing work, sometimes incorporating new source material, suitable for publication on a short turn around basis. 
ï Perform substantive editing, copyediting, and proofreading that may entail reorganizing drafts and rewriting sections, in addition to providing writing assistance. 
ï Coordinate and expedite the publication of public-facing material, receive and analyze feedback on the material from different audiences, and provide Program Director with advice on improving the quality of analytic materials. 
ï Assist Program Director to prepare Investigatorís Brochure (IB) prior to IND filing with FDA.

Qualifications: 
ï Minimal Masters in Biology or related field. MD or PhD in Health Allied Sciences is highly desirable. 
ï Extensive experience (a minimum of 5 years) in writing peer-reviewed publications and/or successful research grants. 
ï Experience in presenting scientific data and arguments at national scientific meetings. 
ï Demonstrated (peer reviewed publication) ability to write and edit scientific reports as directed by Program Director Demonstrated (number and budget of research grant awards) ability to work with Principal Investigators and Program Director and secure medical research funding. 
ï Familiarity with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and Good Clinical Practice /Good Laboratory Practice regulation, guidelines, and normal processes. 
ï Assist principal investigators in preparing and filing clinical and pre-clinical research protocols with research subject protection and other clinical and preclinical regulatory bodies.

Salary commensurate with experience; full Benefits

Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Principal Medical WriterApply Now

Job Description : 
The Principal Medical Writer will research, create, and edit all documents associated with clinical research. This is a billable position. The Principal Medical Writer facilitates process improvement and technical mentoring/training.

Qualifications : 
Skills
ïExcellent interpersonal, negotiation, verbal and written communication skills.
ïClient focused approach to work.
ïA flexible attitude with respect to work assignments and new learning.
ïAbility to manage multiple and varied tasks with enthusiasm and prioritize workload with attention to detail.
ïMotivation to work consistently in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment.
ïWillingness to work in a matrix environment and to value the importance of teamwork.
ïTeam orientated.
ïLeadership skills that include the ability to gain trust and confidence with a variety of clients as well as within the company.
ïDemonstrated understanding of clinical research, the drug development process, and applicable regulatory guidelines.
ïKnowledge of resource management and productivity metric management. 
ïAdvanced word processing skills, expertise in Word for Windows, ability to understand and adapt to various IT systems.
ïAbility to travel.
Education
ïBachelorís degree in Life Sciences/Health-Related Sciences or equivalent.
Language Skills
ïFluent in written and spoken English.
Minimum Work Experience
ïBroad experience in preparation of all types of clinical regulatory documentation, including phase III studies. Experience in management of complex medical writing projects.


EEO Disclaimer : 
PAREXEL complies with all applicable federal, state, and local laws prohibiting discrimination in employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, age, race, color, religious creed, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Principal Medical Writer - Regulatory-14000003RX
 
 
AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV) is a global, research-based biopharmaceutical company formed in 2013 following separation from Abbott Laboratories. The company's mission is to use its expertise, dedicated people and unique approach to innovation to develop and market advanced therapies that address some of the world's most complex and serious diseases. AbbVie employs approximately 25,000 people worldwide and markets medicines in more than 170 countries.
 
Description
 
Medical Writing
   
Clinical Operations at AbbVie conducts/manages clinical trials and provides therapeutically aligned, scientific strategy and operations management for the planning, execution and reporting of clinical development programs to enable successful global registration and commercialization of drug development projects.  Areas within Clinical Operations include clinical program and study management, monitoring, document management, medical writing, safety management, clinical planning and resource management, systems support, ìStandard Operating Procedureî training and compliance, and continuous improvement program management. We have a challenging opportunity for a Principal Medical Writer - Regulatory based in North Chicago, IL., reporting to the Assistant Director, Medical Writing - Regulatory.  

 
Primary Job Function: 
 
The Principal Medical Writer is responsible for providing scientific publications or clinical regulatory document support and advanced scientific writing expertise to the clinical teams, ensuring successful preparation of high quality submission-ready documents and effective implementation of the writing process. He/she provides medical writing expertise for multiple compounds and/or projects within a therapeutic area. This individual will interfaces with external groups (eg. PK, Toxicology, eSubmissions, Regulatory, Statistical Support, Data Management, Clinical, Publishing) to ensure accurate and timely completion/delivery of information and review of scientific publications or clinical regulatory submissions. The Principal Medical Writer serves as the scientific writing content expert for the department.
 
Key Responsibilities Include:
Responsible for compliance with applicable Corporate and Divisional Policies and procedures.
Implements all activities related to the preparation of scientific publications (e.g. abstracts, posters/oral presentations, manuscripts) or to the preparation and compilation of data and information into a single comprehensive package for new and updated clinical regulatory documents (US and ex-US).
Coordinates the review, approval, and other appropriate functions involved in the production of scientific publishing or clinical regulatory projects.
As assigned, provides direction and guidance to medical writers regarding assigned projects, including review of work product. 
Provides input and feedback to management regarding internal medical writers' work product/quality.
Serves as a department representative on project teams.
Communicates deliverables needed, writing process, and timelines to team members.
Converts relevant data and information into a form that meets clinical regulatory document requirements.
Ensures all clinical regulatory electronic document deliverables are processed and compiled in alignment with timelines.
 Assesses resource needs as timelines progress, and communicates those needs to department management.
Understands, assimilates, and productively interprets sources of information, with appropriate guidance/direction from product teams and/or authors. 
Interprets and explains data generated from a variety of sources, including internal and external studies, research documentation, charts, graphs, and tables.
Verifies that results are consistent with protocols.
Explains data in manner consistent with the target audience(s), journal/congress requirements, and/or clinical regulatory requirements.
Confirms completeness of information to be presented.
Challenges conclusions when necessary.
Understands/complies with appropriate conventions, proper grammar usage, and correct format requirements per journal/congress, ICH and other governing bodies by following applicable divisional guidelines, templates, and SOPs.
Performs literature searches as needed for drafting document content.
Interprets literature information and makes recommendations for application to scientific publications or clinical regulatory documents.
Acts as Subject Matter Expert for assigned clinical teams regarding computer-based technologies utilized by the respective departments (e.g. eDocs, eCTD, journal/congress databases).
Works with Regulatory Quality Assurance throughout clinical regulatory document audit process, answers questions during the audit process (as appropriate), and works with team to draft responses as necessary.
Maintains expert knowledge of US and international regulations, requirements and guidance associated with scientific publications or clinical regulatory document preparation and submissions.
Recommends, leads, and implements tactical process improvements.
Serves as medical writing lead on more complex scientific publications projects or clinical regulatory documents such as those associated with filings and dossiers.
Works closely with the Publication or Regulatory teams on document strategies.
 
Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled
 
Qualifications
 
Basic:
Bachelor of Science required, with significant relevant writing experience, or Bachelor's degree in English or communications, with significant relevant science experience.
4 yrs relevant industry experience in medical writing in the healthcare industry or academia required or in a related area such as quality, regulatory, clinical research, or product support/R&D.
High-level content writing experience and experience with all types of clinical publications or clinical regulatory documents required.
Preferred:
 
Masters or PhD in science discipline preferred with relevant writing experience.
American Medical Writing Association (AMWA) certification or other is preferred, with a specialty in Editing/Writing or Pharmaceutical.
2 years relevant industry experience preferred.
4 years experience in experimental design and clinical/preclinical data interpretation preferred.
Expert knowledge of US and international regulations, requirements and guidance associated with scientific publications or clinical regulatory document preparation and submissions and ability to advise teams regarding compliance with regulations.
Knowledge and expertise with Common Technical Document content templates.
Expert knowledge of current electronic document management systems and information technology.
Excellent written and oral communication skills. Expert in assimilation and interpretation of scientific content with adeptness in ability to translate for appropriate audience.
Working knowledge of statistical concepts and techniques.
Superior attention to detail and ability to find and correct errors in spelling, punctuation, grammar, consistency, clarity and accuracy.
Expert in word processing, flow diagrams, and spreadsheets.
Excellent working knowledge of software programs in Windows environment.
Extensive experience in working with collaborative, cross-functional teams, including project management experience.
Key AbbVie Competencies:
 
Builds strong relationships with peers and cross functionally with partners outside of the team to enable higher performance.
Learns fast, grasps the ìessenceî and can change the course quickly where indicated.
Raises the bar and is never satisfied with the status quo.
Creates a learning environment, open to suggestions and experimentation for improvement.
Embraces the ideas of others, nurtures innovation and manages innovation to reality.
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
Significant Work Activities and Conditions
 
Continuous sitting for prolonged periods (more than 2 consecutive hours in an 8 hour day)
 
Job Classification: Experienced
Job: CLINICAL RESEARCH
Primary Location: USA-Virtual
Organization: GPRD-Pharma R&D
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Travel: Yes, 5 % of the Time
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Medical Writer

Location:	Parsippany, NJ
Areas of Service:	Medical Education
Position #:	ME14-14
# of openings:	1
Description

Ogilvy CommonHealth Worldwide (www.ochww.com)óthe health behavior experts of Ogilvy & Mather (www.ogilvy.com)ócommitted to creativity and effectiveness in healthcare communications, everywhere. With 56 offices across 32 markets, Ogilvy CommonHealth Worldwide provides marketing services including brand identity and development, clinical trial recruitment, digital/interactive services, direct-to-consumer, direct-to-patient, global integration, managed care marketing, market research and analytics, media planning and buying, medical advertising and promotion, medical education, public affairs and relations, relationship marketing, and strategic consulting. The network also offers scientific communications and publications services through a wholly owned separate legal entity. The organization houses and maintains individual Ogilvy CommonHealth and Ogilvy Healthworld brand identities within the marketplace and is a WPP company (NASDAQ: WPPGY, www.wpp.com).

To be considered for this position, please go to our website at: www.ogilvycommonhealth.com/careers and apply.  We offer excellent benefits and a great work environment. 

ï Ideal candidate will provide scientific and clinical leadership in the development of all types of scientific materials, including peer-reviewed publications, publication plans, scientific communications, slide decks, as well as thought leaders and key educator materials

Objective

ï A medical writer who can create high-quality communication materials (Word and PowerPoint) for a medical education company

Key Responsibilities

ï Write high-quality scientific materials that will be used in a number of communication channels, including digital & print

ï Develop outlines for highly scientific content with attention to factual accuracy, grammar, and style/consistency

ï Moderate teleconferences as necessary

ï Maintain current knowledge of assigned therapeutic areas and of up-to-date healthcare compliance guidelines and standard operating procedures

ï Develop a clear understanding of the roles and responsibilities of clients

ï Self-manage to adhere to agreed T&E schedules, budgets, and alert team to potential deviations and overages

ï Attend and cover scientific congresses

ï Interact with clients and attend client meetings

Key Requirements

ï Doctoral level degree in biomedical sciences (PhD or PharmD).

ï Training or extensive course work in cell biology and knowledge of/experience in the following therapeutic areas: oncology, neurology, and immunology

ï 2 ñ 3 years of medical education, agency, or pharma experience preferred

ï Ability to write high-quality, fully-referenced scientific materials, and to distill complex technical information for a variety of audiences

ï Attention to style, detail, consistency, grammar, syntax, and scientific accuracy

ï Familiarity with AMA style writing

We are an equal opportunity employer

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Medical Editor in Falls Church, Virginia
As a trusted systems integrator for more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology provides information technology (IT), systems engineering, professional services and simulation and training to customers in the defense, federal civilian government, health, homeland security, intelligence, state and local government and commercial sectors. With approximately 28,000 professionals worldwide, the company delivers IT enterprise solutions, manages large-scale, mission-critical IT programs and provides mission support services. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled 

Researches, prepares and edits technical documents.

1.	Researches, prepares and edits complex technical documents for publication, including users manuals, training materials, installation guides, proposals, and reports.
2.	Reviews, researches, and edits information for preparation of contract deliverables.
3.	Ensures documents meet editorial and customer specifications and adhere to standards for quality, graphics, format, and style.
4.	Interfaces with writers, illustrators, word processors, and subject matter experts in coordinating/preparing the edited draft for publication.
5.	Participates in the creation of proposals and multi-media presentation materials.
6.	Participates in the design and development of marketing brochures, conference programs, public relations announcements, and other materials when requested.
7.	Provides guidance and work leadership to less-experienced technical documentation staff members.
8.	Maintains current knowledge of relevant technology as assigned.
9.	Participates in special projects as required. 

Bachelors Degree in English, Journalism or a related discipline. 

5-8 years of related experience preparing and editing technical documentation. 

1.	Proficient in the use of Microsoft products to include Publisher and Access
2.	Excellent communicator. Must have the ability to communicate effectively in English, written and spoken, with leadership and peers
3.	Ability to work independently and interdependently as a high-performing team member
4.	Must have experience/understanding of the U.S. Military Health system.
5.	Must have knowledge of patient safety, risk management, quality management, and medical terminology.
6.	Experience in a healthcare setting preferred.
7.	Exercise independent judgment in the prioritization of tasks


Additional Information
Relocation	No
Security Clearance Level	ADP(I)
Security Clearance Basis	National Agency Check (NLC)
Security Clearance Polygraph	None
Job ID Number	226342
Job Function	Technical Operations (TechOps)
Potential for Deployment	No
Take Action
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Technical Writer (3748MH)
Back Apply 
Description

The American Medical Association (AMA), the nationís largest professional Association of physicians, has a dynamic opportunity for the right individual.    In this role, you will work closely with the AMA Medical Education leadership team and Council on Medical Education staff, in collaboration with the Author Services Manager, to provide editorial and publishing support to authors in the Medical Education unit.  The key focus areas are to develop and coordinate publication strategies, provide editorial assistance, develop reports and summaries and to manage the author process.




Requirements

ï Masterís degree in education or health professions-related field; doctoral training preferred.


ï Seven or more yearsí experience with health care publishing including roles such as author and editorial assistant.


ï Demonstrated knowledge and expertise in critical evaluation of the medical literature.  Familiarity with common research methodologies.


ï Demonstrated ability to work with multiple and sometimes changing or conflicting priorities, set reasonable workplans.


ï Strong team orientation and skills needed to help others be successful.  Experience with coaching/mentoring desired.


ï Excellent communication skills, including solid interpersonal skills, excellent writing skills, and effective presentation skills. 


ï Demonstrated high level of attention to detail and ability to meet deadlines.


ï Strong commitment to professional ethics and to partnership and publication standards.


In return for your expertise, the AMA also offers employees a unique opportunity -- to play a role in shaping the way health care is provided in this country.  We offer a competitive salary, and a comprehensive benefits package, as well as a convenient downtown location. 


To apply for this position internal candidates can complete an Internal Career Opportunity Application found on the AMA Intranet site, and submit it to Mary Hebein in Human Resources.  External applicants may apply by going to www.ama-assn.jobs and submit a resume. We hope to hear from you soon!  


We are an equal opportunity employer, committed to diversity in our workforce.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment.  As an EOE/AA employer, the American Medical Association will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicantís race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, and veteran or disability status.


THE AMA IS COMMITTED TO IMPROVING THE HEALTH OF THE NATION






Position Type
Full Time 

Assigned Departments
Computer and Information Management	Chicago
Medical Education	Chicago
Health Policy	Chicago
Publishing/Editorial	Chicago
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Medical Writer


The Medical Writer will be responsible for ensuring the preparation of manuscripts for publication,  and clinical documents for timely, consistent and accurate reporting in accordance with ICH guidelines, applicable regulatory requirements, Good Clinical Practices (GCPs), and standard operating procedures (SOPs).

Primary Duties and Responsibilities:

Under minimal supervision, conduct study design research using public sources including PubMed/Countway Library, Regulatory websites (i.e. CDRH, CDER) and Conference presentations (i.e. TCT, AHA, ACC). 
Compose, review, and proof-read medical communication documents (grants, manuscripts, abstracts, poster presentations, etc.) based on internal discussions, generating data figures and images, and incorporating post-review edits. 
Under minimal supervision, write and/or edit clinical protocols, clinical study reports, DSMB Charters, and other regulatory documents by conducting the following activities or ensuring the following activities have been accomplished:
Participation in Quality Deliverable meetings
Review of statistical analysis plans and other relevant documents
Management of timelines for document generation, revision and completion
Coordination and management of review cycles, commentsí incorporation and documents finalization
Interact closely with team members to ensure the accuracy of all documents, published manuscripts, slide sets and reports.
Actively participate in assigned project team meetings and provide scientific background information when needed.
Remain current with medical/scientific developments and publications in the assigned therapeutic areas.
Assist in the development and maintenance of SOPs and writing tools, such as templates and guidelines.
Complete all required training and work within HCRI established policies and procedures.
Other duties as assigned.
Secondary Duties: 

Participate in sales and marketing presentations
Represent the medical writing team during sponsor QA audits
Attendance at technical training meetings and industry meetings
Perform training seminars within HCRI, as required  
Skills and abilities required:

Minimum of five years clinical trials background is preferred

Experience writing all types of clinical and regulatory documents is preferred. Writing samples may be requested to demonstrate high quality scientific writing ability including manuscripts, protocols, study reports etc

A thorough understanding of the submission process for high impact journals

Expertise in multiple therapeutic areas (experience in cardiology is preferred, but not required)

Knowledgeable in industry trends for study reports

Knowledge of FDA and ICH guidelines is preferred

Comprehension of clinical research and statistical methods and ability to collate and summarize a broad range of scientific data

Must have an excellent command of the English language with attention to detail, grammar and syntax

Strong interpersonal skills to interact with scientists and management

Ability to work independently on multiple and complex projects in a fast-paced environment

Expertise of Microsoft Office, graphics packages (such as Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, etc.), and EndNote

Education and/or Experience:

Advanced degree (M.D., Ph.D, Pharm.D., C.C.RN) and preferably a minimum of 1 years of relevant clinical trial experience in the medical device/biopharmaceutical industry or CRO environment.            

OR

B.S./B.A., B. Pharm, M.S. with a minimum of 5 years of relevant clinical trial experience in the medical device/biopharmaceutical industry or CRO environment including 1-2 years writing clinical regulatory documents.
http://www.hcri.harvard.edu/working-at-hcri/job_opportunities/129-medical-writer
1. 
Ensure that usability is incorporated into the development of a wide range of projects: Internet sites, intranet sites, extranet sites, web-based applications, client/server applications, etc. Usability (or "UX") research experience a must!
Resource will need to have extensive experience planning and moderating usability labs, doing analysis and presenting to audiences ranging from developers to senior management. Prototyping skills are a plus. Experience working on mobile projects is desired.

2. 
Write clear, concise testing protocols
Set up testing environments and moderate the usability sessions.
Summarize testing results and author summary reports that adhere to industry standards.
Collaborate with designers, engineers, researchers, and strategists on usability.
Conduct testing in our lab as well as in the field (requires periodic travel in the field).
Manage recruiting and scheduling of sites and participants. These may be patients, consumers, as well as professional medical caregivers.
Test a mix any of the following: physical interactions, screen-based interactions, hybrid physical/screen interactions, perceptions, preferences, and instructions/messaging.
Help design proprietary tools (frameworks and hardware/software) for improving usability testing.
Usability testing of medical devices in medical environment.

3.
The Usability Researcher works closely with the analytics and UX teams to drive an inclusive program of user experience testing and analysis to support web and mobile development projects.
Responsibilities will include creating strategy and operational approach for User Experience UX testing within the analytics and development cycles in addition to design and execution of a wide range of testing and research activities, including but not limited to surveys, online automated testing, and in-person, lab-based usability interviews.

4.
Reporting to the Head of Human Factors
Individual will be a key member of the team engaging with a range of stake-holders executive teams
30% travel required
Design and plan human factors programs
Lead identification studies either as a standalone project or as part of large product development program
Plan and conduct needs identification studies with customers and end users capturing data in a systematic and traceable way such as to evidence requirements documentation
Present findings of Human Factors activities to internal teams and client project teams
Develop Deliverables such as: Use Cases; End user profile descriptions; User Requirements Specifications; User risk, misuse & hazard analysis; Summative testing reports; Task Analysis.
Support the translation of user requirements into designs that meet commercial and user requirements through close collaboration with wider engineering function;
Support scoping, planning and budgeting of proposals

5. 
Ensure that usability is incorporated into the development of a wide range of projects: Internet sites, intranet sites,
Extranet sites, web-based applications, client / server applications, etc.
Select and conduct appropriate user-centered design techniques throughout an iterative design process. 
Analyze and present user evaluation results.
Make design recommendations based on expertise and the collected data.
Facilitate cross-functional teams throughout product definition, design and development processes.
Write clear, concise reports to communicate issues, resolution and end risks and results.
Assist with the definition and implementation of interface design guidelines and a usability process methodology.
Educate business owners and developers on the importance of web site design guidelines and usability testing
Remain current in usability-related research and developments.
Coordinate lab activities, such as screening evaluators, managing the observations room and ensuring efficient
Recap meetings and smooth transitions.
Employ effective coaching skills to mobilize diverse resources toward satisfying established project goals.
Investigate, evaluate and recommend new and merging usability techniques, technologies, and methodology
Process improvements.
Responsible for developing new external accounts and maintaining client satisfaction
Directly manages and develops engagements with external clients.


6.
Responsible for coordinating, planning, executing, and reporting on User Experience Research activities across various products and platforms and directing/coordinating activities with UX research colleagues across geographies.
Include recruiting, task-based usability testing, card sorting, surveys, 1:1 interviews, task analysis, prototype testing, persona development, diary studies, etc. across global user groups for internal websites and tools.
Strong background in qualitative and quantitative user experience research required.

7.
T-Mobile is looking for a creative and talented intern to join the Frontline User Experience Team. This team designs applications for our Retail and Care employees when supporting our customers. You will be working with an experienced team of Interaction Designers, Visual Designers, User Researchers and Web Developers. This is an exciting and unique opportunity to utilize classroom and real life experience as part of the software development life cycle.
Support in maintaining interaction pattern library and design guidelines
Participate in user research activities
Provide support for interaction and visual designers
Create workflow diagrams, concepts, and wireframes

8.
Working in a dynamic atmosphere the UX specialist will design engaging experiences for our internal and external customers on ecommerce and other sites. This person will utilize personas, wireframes and other deliverables to inform their creation of user experience solutions that are both aesthetic and useful.
Collaborate with the business analyst, user experience architects and development teams to ensure the overall strategy and vision is developed and deployed
Educate internal teams throughout the business on best practices/standards, with the ability to effectively drive the integration of recommendations.
Interpretation of wireframes into comps
Visual design
Interaction design of mobile, Web and other interfaces
Creating prototypes at all levels of fidelity from paper to clickable prototypes
Verifying that work that is developed, meets the design requirements
Supporting user research and usability evaluation activities as needed

9.
Serves as an advocate for State Farm product end users (i.e., customers, Agencies, employees)
Conducts user-centered research (e.g., user and task analysis, conceptual design, iterative usability testing, and assessment usability testing) to guide the design, selection, and refinement of products and processes throughout the product development lifecycle
Establishes and maintains relationships with business areas to align strategic goals, UCD strategy, and tactical plans
Conducts novel research on Human Factors topics
Serves as an advocate for State Farm product end users (i.e., customers, Agencies, employees)
Conducts user-centered research (e.g., user and task analysis, conceptual design, iterative usability testing, and assessment usability testing) to guide the design, selection, and refinement of products and processes throughout the product development lifecycle
Establishes and maintains relationships with business areas to align strategic goals, UCD strategy, and tactical plans
Conducts novel research on Human Factors topics
Meet with internal and external clients to identify usability research questions, design and conduct studies, and communicate results to interdisciplinary project teams.
Conduct user analysis which will drive the design process using techniques such as ethnography, interviews, and surveys.
Conduct rapid iterative usability testing to improve product designs early in the design cycle.
Work with business partners to create conceptual designs based on user data.
Perform post-development usability testing to determine whether finished products have met business and usability objectives and inform designs of future releases.
Translate research findings into design recommendations.
Brainstorm with project teams to understand business and technical constraints.
Utilize statistical analysis packages (SAS, SPSS, etc.) to perform analyses when appropriate.
Develop innovative strategies to answer usability research questions with limited resources.
Stay current on UCD issues and literature.
Works with clients to analyze needs for information and converts them into action items, requests or projects
Applies specialized knowledge of Human Factors/UCD research concepts and techniques to a broad range of products and processes
Utilizes available internal/external resources to assist with various phases of research
Recognized by others as an authority/professional resource in his/her area of expertise
Routinely interacts across department lines to strategically leverage skills/resources throughout the Enterprise

10.
Serves as an advocate for State Farm product end users (i.e., customers, Agencies, employees)
Conducts user-centered research (e.g., user and task analysis, conceptual design, iterative usability testing, and assessment usability testing) to guide the design, selection, and refinement of products and processes throughout the product development lifecycle
Establishes and maintains relationships with business areas to align strategic goals, UCD strategy, and tactical plans
Conducts novel research on Human Factors topics
Serves as an advocate for State Farm product end users (i.e. customers, Agencies, employees)
Conducts user-centered research (e.g., user and task analysis, conceptual design, iterative usability testing, and assessment usability testing) to guide the design, selection, and refinement of products and processes throughout the product development lifecycle
Establishes and maintains relationships with business areas to align strategic goals, UCD strategy, and tactical plans
Conducts novel research on Human Factors topics
Meet with internal and external clients to identify usability research questions, design and conduct studies, and communicate results to interdisciplinary project teams.
Conduct user analysis which will drive the design process using techniques such as ethnography, interviews, and surveys.
Conduct rapid iterative usability testing to improve product designs early in the design cycle.
Work with business partners to create conceptual designs based on user data.
Perform post-development usability testing to determine whether finished products have met business and usability objectives and inform designs of future releases.
Translate research findings into design recommendations.
Brainstorm with project teams to understand business and technical constraints.
Utilize statistical analysis packages (SAS, SPSS, etc.) to perform analyses when appropriate.
Develop innovative strategies to answer usability research questions with limited resources.
Stay current on UCD issues and literature.
Works with clients to analyze needs for information and converts them into action items, requests or projects
Applies specialized knowledge of Human Factors/UCD research concepts and techniques to a broad range of products and processes
Utilizes available internal/external resources to assist with various phases of research
Recognized by others as an authority/professional resource in his/her area of expertise
Routinely interacts across department lines to strategically leverage skills/resources throughout the Enterprise
Usability Specialist
Usability Specialist
Usability Researcher
Human Factors Usability Consultant
User Interface Specialist
UX User Experience Usability User Research Analyst
User Experience Designer UX Designer
User Experience UX Specialist
User Experience Researcher
UI User Interface Developer
1. 
Select and conduct appropriate user-centered design techniques throughout an iterative design process. 
Analyze and present user evaluation results. 
Make design recommendations based on expertise and the collected data. 
Facilitate cross-functional teams throughout product definition, design and development processes. 
Write clear, concise reports to communicate issues, resolution and end risks and results. 
Assist with the definition and implementation of interface design guidelines and a usability process methodology. 
Educate business owners and developers on the importance of web site design guidelines and usability testing. 
Remain current in usability-related research and developments. 
Coordinate lab activities, such as screening evaluators, managing the observations room and ensuring efficient recap meetings and smooth transitions. 
Employ effective coaching skills to mobilize diverse resources toward satisfying established project goals. 
Investigate, evaluate and recommend new and merging usability techniques, technologies, and methodology process improvements. 
Responsible for developing new external accounts and maintaining client satisfaction. 
Directly manages and develops engagements with external clients. 
4+ years of experience. 

2. 
Skills 
Usability Testing 
Test Plans 
Summary Reporting 
Video Capture
HF Standards 
FDA regulations 
Medical Device products
Ethnographic Research Skills 
3+ years of experience. 

3. 
Demonstrated ability in crafting and presenting research findings/recommendations to all levels of stakeholders, including executive management 
Experience developing personas and mental models through ethnographic and qualitative research 
Must be highly organized and be able to juggle and lead multiple user-testing initiatives in varying stages simultaneously with little supervision 
Demonstrated quantitative and qualitative reasoning skills 
Excellent written and oral communication skills; strong relationship-building skills 
Ability to collaborate professionally with all co-workers 
Ability to self-prioritize effectively, to ensure key items are delivered to meet immediate project needs 
Proven ability to estimate project expenses and manage project budgets 
Training and experience in qualitative individual interviews and group moderation 
Information visualization; ability to compile complex information from disparate sources and present it in an understandable and actionable visual format 
Provide stakeholders with a holistic understanding of data; identify and visually capture patterns and connections that matter 

4. 
BS/MS in one of the following: industrial design, mechanical engineering, product design, human factors engineering or a related discipline
Industrial or commercial experience is desirable
Experience with contextual research methods (interviewing, survey development, observational research, Usability testing)
Responsible for communicating requirements to design team and overseeing their implementation 
Experience in usability and human factors engineering
Working knowledge of the implementation of IEC62366 & HE75 
Project management experience 

5. 
Ability to evaluate the usability of intranet sites, extranet sites, web-based applications, client/ server applications. 
Knowledge of diverse user interface development software 
Technology Degree 
User interface knowledge 
Knowledge of Web tool design process 
4+ years of experience 

6. 
Degree in HF/HCI or a related discipline or equivalent experience required. 
3-5 years of experience 

7. 
Candidates should have background experience, skills, and/or education appropriate to position description. 
Candidates must have at least a 3.0 GPA and be currently enrolled in school or post-graduation of six months.
Background checks are required for interns. T-Mobile requires that individuals considered for internships are a minimum of 18 years of age and have the right to work in the United States. 
Proficiency in design and prototyping tools such as the Adobe Creative Suite and Axure 
Knowledge of user experience best practices 
Good communication, presentation, interpersonal and analytical skills including the ability to communicate interaction design concepts clearly and persuasively across different audiences 
Currently enrolled in a related curriculum 

8. 
Bachelorís degree in visual design, visual communications, HCI, interaction design, new media design or related design field or equivalent work experience and working as a visual designer and/or interaction designer for online interactions which include designing for Web sites, eCommerce, search, navigation, and/or mobile interfaces (or an equivalent combination of education and experience); Experience participating in and/or conducting UX activities such as: usability tests, competitive analysis/assessment, and expert/heuristic reviews is preferred. 
Be comfortable designing throw-away wireframes and high-fidelity prototypes to explore new ideas and product concepts. 
Experience designing for (and across) systems including (but not limited to): Web sites, microsites, intranets, mobile web sites, mobile applications, email, online advertising, content management systems, and eCommerce systems
Solid understanding of visual design best practices, and how they apply to varied projects 
Excellent communication and presentation skills (verbal, graphic and written) 
Strong attention to detail
Proficiency with UX and business tools such as Photoshop, InDesign, Axure, and MS Office 
Ability to work on multiple projects, reprioritize as needed, and consistently deliver on time 
Ability to understand scope, requirements and to drive innovative solutions within given parameters 
Understand the importance of flexibility, and the balance of speed and quality 
Demonstrate willingness to contribute to team activities 
Anticipate potential project problems and create solutions or contingency plans 
Actively seek out feedback from manager and peers; improve own performance based on that feedback 
Working knowledge of Bootstrap, HTML, CSS, and general programming skills 
Experience working in an agile development environment 
A thorough understanding of user-centered design methodologies is required. 
5+ years 

9. 
Excellent research skills including the ability to analyze large and small sample quantitative and qualitative data sets. 
Experience performing research on user issues for software development in a laboratory setting, online, and in the field. 
Experience supporting UCD in a large corporate environment is a plus. 
Requires working with interdisciplinary project teams across multiple locations. 
2-3+ years 


10. 
Excellent research skills including the ability to analyze large and small sample quantitative and qualitative data sets. 
Experience performing research on user issues for software development in a laboratory setting, online, and in the field. 
Experience supporting UCD in a large corporate environment is a plus. 
Requires working with interdisciplinary project teams across multiple locations. 
2-3+ years 

-Job Ad 1-

*Title: Technical Communicator - SAS Solutions OnDemand* *Location: NC-Cary*

Designs (graphics and layout), develops (writes and edits), and manages technical documentation that supports SAS Solutions OnDemand customer and internal projects.

* Major Responsibilities:*

* Performs tasks within JIRA, ServiceNow, and Confluence to set up and maintain customer and internal documentation.

* Provides quality assurance support, including setting up and maintaining quality templates and performing quality reviews.

* Contributes to training support of internal employees by assisting with maintenance of course descriptions and course materials, maintaining and monitoring training records, contributing to and delivering training.

* Develops, revises, edits and maintains documentation for internal and customer projects.

* Provides documentation support for projects as requested, including writing, editing, and coordinating reviews of technical and procedural documents.

* Participates in the development of standards and processes, including documenting them in our document management systems (Confluence and ServiceNow Knowledge Base).

* Develops and maintains templates and template indexes to ensure they are current and aligned.

* Supports and contributes to the division Newsletter and other internal communication tools.

* Essential*

* Bachelor's degree in English, Computer Science, Communications, or related field.

* 5 years of combined writing and editing experience in a technical environment (experience writing and supporting technical documentation in the software industry preferred).



(Directly related experience or a combination of directly related education and experience may be considered in place of the above requirements);


* Additional*

* Detail oriented;

* Working knowledge of writing principles and conventions and of the documentation process;

* Expertise with directory-based operating systems, such as Windows or UNIX;

* Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and problem-solving skills;

* Ability to handle multiple concurrent projects, to prioritize under pressure, and to work independently;

* Ability to interact with internal clients;

* Ability to work independently and with a team in a fast paced environment;

* Good knowledge of all aspects of technical publishing including layout, design, and graphics.


* Preferences*

* Masters Degree in Technical Communication, English or related field preferred

* Visual design expertise (user-interfaces, presentations, graphics, flow charts, Web design, Photoshop).

* Expertise with MS Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, wiki markup language, HTML.

* Knowledge of JIRA and Confluence administration.

* Previous experience Confluence and ServiceNow

* Experience working with validated systems documentation (for example: IQ/OQ/PQ documentation)

* Additional Information*

SAS is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.



The level of this position will be determined based on the applicant's education, skills and experience.

To qualify, applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United States, and should not require, now or in the future, sponsorship for employment visa status.



Resumes may be considered in the order they are received.



SAS employees performing certain job functions may require access to technology or software subject to export or import regulations. To comply with these regulations, SAS may obtain nationality or citizenship information from applicants for employment. SAS collects this information solely for trade law compliance purposes and does not use it to discriminate unfairly in the hiring process.

-Job Ad 2-

Vertex Inc. is currently seeking a Technical Communicator to design and develop a variety of knowledge deliverables including (but not limited to) technical guides, user assistance, performance support, and job aids. This position is also known as: Technical Writer, Product Information Analyst, Product Information Specialist, Information Designer, or Information Architect.

Essential Job Functions & Responsibilities:

Create and maintain clear, usable, accurate information that enables people to successfully install, configure, use, and maintain Vertex software solutions.
Develop content for different audience types including tax professionals, programmers, DBAs, and system administrators.
Provide a resource for other departments with requirements to develop technical or non-technical information products.
Gather information / education requirements by performing needs, audience, and task analysis.
Organize data into usable information as appropriate for the audience.
Design content that complies with Vertex standards and meets the project requirements as well as the user’s needs.
Work with editors and subject matter experts and apply feedback.
Collaborate with team members to develop solutions that are in the best interest of the company and customer.
Deliver superior quality content so that Vertex's user assistance is perceived as a competitive differentiator by customers and prospects.
We encourage individuals possessing all of the following minimum qualifications to apply immediately:

Education & Training:

Bachelor’s degree in English, Journalism, Communications, Computer Science, Technical Communications, Instructional Design, Business, or a related field OR equivalent work experience required.
Specialized Knowledge & Skills:

4+ years of technical writing experience documenting software required.
Knowledge of fundamental information design principles is required.
Outstanding writing skill, with demonstrated ability to produce clear, concise, error-free content, is required.
Experience developing software user assistance, such as online help and PDFs, is required.
Experience creating interactive multimedia content including video, audio, animation, demos, or tutorials, especially with linking between multimedia elements and traditional help and manuals, is a plus.
Strong organizational skills to maintain realistic project plans to meet deadlines is required.
Experience with a Content Management System (CMS) is preferred. Specific experience with Author-it is a plus.
Knowledge of Information Mapping principles is a plus.
Experience with MS Project is a plus.
Experience in tax accounting, accounting, or finance is a plus.

-Job Ad 3-

Job Code :19084
Division :Peterson CAT
Location :Portland OR US 97218

Job Type :Full Time
Career Level :Experienced (Non-Manager)
Education :Associate Degree
Category :Installation/Maintenance/Repair
Job Description :
Peterson Machinery has an immediate opening for a Technical Communicator at the Portland location. Reporting to Technical Training Manager, provides technical information support, both inside and outside of company.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Work directly with customers, over phone or in person, to help solve maintenance and service problems related to tractor machines; work with shop personnel at all locations to provide technical support to help solve maintenance and service problems. 
* Records information on service and operation problems of tractors; locates and distributes appropriate service literature to aide in repair or diagnosis; perform research as needed; control technical bulletins and literature, CDIS service letter entry, and blue print requests from Caterpillar. 
* Conduct job audits; ensure use of proper parts, tools and procedures; write up and distribute repair procedures for new repairs. 
* Develop and present various seminars relating to customer service, in-house service, and new products; develop, implement and audit new service programs. 
* Design and conduct tractor test procedures; train others in use of test procedures; understand and teach Caterpillar tractor testing tools. 
* Serve as member of Peterson’s Service Work Audit Team. 
* Provide necessary support in legal actions, such as: answer interrogatories, give depositions and court testimony, arrange for depositions and statements in company defense; serve as interested representative for company when requested. 
* Review, edit and recommend proposed warranty, maintenance, rental and purchasing agreements; communicate as needed on product liability matters.

Job Requirements :
EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS REQUIRED:
College degree in a related field and at least 10 years of related experience, or the equivalent. Must possess a thorough knowledge of Caterpillar equipment, parts and have good working knowledge of construction equipment in general.

STATUS AND SCOPE:
Working under general direction and where standards may be vague or non-existent, helps to solve technical service problems and interprets information contained in parts and service manuals. Communicates across company and directly with Caterpillar customers.

OTHER RESPONSIBILITIES:

 
* May conduct construction site audits; ensure proper machine use; record on site accident information.
* May provide assistance in keeping Caterpillar representatives informed on any state regulations, product change, addition or modification which may adversely impact our product liability. 
* Keep current on product changes and all technical aspects of job; seek out and submit cost improvements.As an EOE/AA employer, the organization will not discriminate in it's employment practices due to an applicant's race, color, religion, sex, natural origin and veteran or disability status.

-Job Ad 4-

Title	
Technical Communicator 

Location: Midmark - Versailles, OH	 

About the Organization	Midmark Corporation brings efficient patient care to millions of people each day in the human and animal healthcare industries around the world. The most trusted name in medical, dental and veterinary healthcare equipment solutions, Midmark is committed to providing innovative products and services for the healthcare professional, integrating value-added technology into everything it does. With over 1,500 teammates worldwide, Midmark is dedicated to making a positive difference in the practice of healthcare. Headquartered in Dayton, Ohio, Midmark Corporation maintains five subsidiaries in the United States. To support international healthcare markets, it holds subsidiaries in France, India and Italy. For more information about Midmark, visit the company's Web site at midmark.com.

Be Extraordinary.
Take a chance and step outside the box. No matter how big or small the step is, make it a step towards an extraordinary career with Midmark. We want you to reach your full potential because we realize our teammates are our most valuable assets. Wherever your passions lie, you can find challenging and rewarding work at Midmark.

Our Culture is Unique.
Because we care™ is not just words but the way we live. We make a difference each day and challenge ourselves to be better than the best. Our people choose us because of our reputation for excellence and our work environment in which our values are lived every day.
 

Description	
Midmark Corporation is hiring a Technical Communicator!

Midmark Corporation seeks a Technical Communicator who is self motivated, innovative, and a risk taker.  Come join our unique culture and grow with us!  We offer an extensive benefits package for full time teammates including not only medical, dental, and vision insurance but gain sharing, profit sharing, 401(k) match, and tuition reimbursement!

Our Engineering Vision is by 2017, engineering will create break-through methods that keep improving and adapting our processes, while satisfying dynamic customer requirements.  This capability will double our new product development capacity representing our best assurance of building the company to hand it off to the next generation of teammates financially sound.  And we need your help to achieve our vision!

Here are some of the responsibilities you will be tasked with:

Analyze complex parts and assemblies to create/modify technical documentation to applicable standards/templates.
Evaluating and applying engineering techniques, procedures, and criteria, to using judgment in technical writing/illustrating decisions, editing/proofreading, adaptations, and/or modifications.
Collaborate on project teams, lead project teams, and direct activities of team members.
Deliver technical communications in multiple media (paper, video, audio, internet) documents related to the design engineering function.  Documentation of theory of operation, installation guides, user manuals, service manuals and assist with engineering change orders.
Ensure that the technical information complies with all specified regulatory agencies.  Typically U.L., C.S.A., and F.D.A.
Use your strong writing skills to create product manuals for a global audience, using appropriate language, diction, and style.
#LI-ET1

Position Requirements	
We are recruiting a Technical Communicator.  We are looking for:

Two year degree or 2 years of technical writing/illustration experience
Familiar with Adobe products, PTC Creo, Oracle, and Internet functionality
Very strong organization, problem solving, and interpersonal skills
Self motivated and able to develop positive working relationships with coworkers
Strong analytical skills
Committed to self development growth and expanding your knowledge base
An energetic teammate that works to create a positive work environment
Be optimistic about change and explore new methodologies by continuously seeking to enhance your skill set. Don’t settle for the methods you know…what else is out there?
 

Full-Time/Part-Time	Full-Time	 

Shift	Days	 

Travel Requirements	We value a work and life balance, so your travel will be limited.	 

EOE Statement	We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.

-Job Ad 5-

Technical Communicator - GR 44
Marketing | Indianapolis, IN
	
The Technical Communicator is a member of an integrated delivery team, working in an agile environment, producing public-facing technical reference material. The position primarily creates and maintains online help systems, technical reference documents, and other technical documents for highly technical software products. The Technical Communicator has opportunities to assist the team in other capacities which could include providing feedback regarding usability and functionality, assisting with the testing effort, generating internal reference material, along with other responsibilities. The Technical Communicator is responsible for planning, organizing, writing, and editing online help projects and other technical documentation for Interactive Intelligence products. Technical documentation can range from highly technical, API documentation to non-technical, end user documentation. This is a fast-paced, technically challenging environment that requires experience with advanced technology products and a strong technical aptitude as well as excellent technical writing skills.
Major Responsibilities/Activities   
Plan, organize, and write online help systems and other technical documentation for sophisticated commercial software products using proven technical writing techniques. A writing test is required.
Update and maintain existing documentation.
Document new and updated software through collaborative discussions with the delivery team, online documents, and e-mail discussions.
Research the application or concepts to be documented with software engineers, and use the application in the process of documenting it.
Acquire and use basic source material, including specifications and requirements documents.
Develop documentation according to corporate and team standards.
Manage multiple ongoing projects for various products and meet moving deadlines.
Assist the integrated delivery team in any capacity to deliver high-quality software products on time
Other Duties as required by management.
 
Minimum Requirements
3-5 years experience developing end user and administrator, technical documentation for applications with a graphical user interface.
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal including technical writing skills.
Experience with one or more authoring tools such as Microsoft Word, Visio, and Adobe Acrobat required.
Analytical, planning, and organizational skills.
Ability to work alone and collaboratively.
 
Desired Skills
Editing skills, for print and online documentation.
API documentation development experience is a plus.
Strong technical aptitude with the ability to understand and communicate complex technical procedures or concepts. Attention to detail is important.
Experience with DITA, RoboHelp, WebHelp, XML authoring, CCMS, and other tools is a plus.
Experience with VoIP, networking hardware and software, DBMS, various Windows and Linux OS, call center application software, CRM and other similar products are a plus.
A technical writing test is required for all applicants that meet the minimum qualifications.
 
Work Context
Indianapolis Based Employee
Uses computer for extended periods of time.
Legally eligible to work in the U.S.


EOE M/W/Vet/Disabled

-Job Ad 6-

Technical Communication Specialist
IOMAXIS,Lorton, VA
Work in HR? Unlock Free Profile
3
Similar Jobs
Save Apply Now
Job Description

Network engineering support for a broad range of communication platforms.
- Includes planning, designing, and evaluating various components of network.
- Research, evaluate, and recommend new technologies to enhance current capabilities.
- Possess technical knowledge and troubleshooting experience with network communication devices and wireless technologies.
- Demonstrated strong oral and written communication skills
- Willingness to travel (estimated 10% annually)

Qualifications
Must be able to hold a government security clearance up to and including a full-scope polygraph.

Education/Certifications
Four-year college degree in Information Technology or Information Security or Networking and System Administration or at least five years experience in related field. 

Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA) or Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE) certifications
Red Hat Certified Virtualization Administrator (RHCVA)

CompTIA A+
CompTIA Cloud +
CompTIA Linux +
CompTIA Security +
CompTIA Network +
CompTIA Server +

CCNA Routing and Switching
CCNA Security
CCDA 

ENSA
CEH
CHFI 
CCISO

-Job Ad 7-

Title: Technical Writer
Location: Westlake, TX
Duration: Long Term 
 
"Third Party Candidates will not be considered"
                           
Key Job Responsibilities
■        Writes appropriately for technical audience
■        Ensures clarity of presentations, policies, procedures and updates
■        Meets daily and intraday deadlines
■        Partners with project management and manager to ensure consistent quality and standards
■        Achieves expertise in the knowledge and skills required for effective utilization of the content management platform
■        Negotiates and documents reference design plan in response to business needs identified by the project manager
Analysis
■        Analyzes current content and works with functional content owner  to produce a comprehensive gap analysis
■        Develops user profiles to support project documentation
■        Leverages knowledge of industry best practices to organize and present easily accessible content
 
Content Design
■        Leads the design process for reference components of the solution; creates reference design plan
■        Designs multimedia solutions that exemplify good practices in instructional, reference, or communications design
■        Ensures content development standards and methodologies are met
■        Manages the business partner review process
■        Improves existing content by making it more concise and readable
 
Project Management
■        Updates resourcing tool to provide status on existing projects
■        Provides content development timelines to project manager and/or performance consultant upon request
■        Manages and escalates open issues, which may arise during the development process
■        Reorganizes priorities in response to changing business needs
■        Develops a network of contacts that help yield targeted results
■        Maintains direct and consistent contact with business partners; maintains more consistent communication throughout the project cycle
 
Relationship Management
■        Understands roles, boundaries, and mutual expectations with others
■        Demonstrates ability to diffuse a difficult interpersonal situation
■        Models flexibility in adapting to internal and external change or redirection
 
Interpersonal: Communication and Teamwork
■        Presents recommendations and justifications for content design to project directors and management
■        Liaises with internal L&D resources to determine feasibility of proposed solutions
■        Influences business partner to support content design recommendations
■        Initiates contact with key subject matter experts and communicates with them in ways that generate understanding, trust, and support
■        Works independently as a team member or individual contributor
 
 
Qualifications
■        3+ years writing experience
■        Demonstrates thorough understanding of knowledge management principles and best practices
■        Experience authoring for wikis and online formats
■        Under graduate or graduate degree in English, literature, writing, instructional design, or technical writing
■        Proven track record of designing, writing, and implementing creative, innovative solutions
■        IT documentation experience preferred
■        Confluence experience preferred
■        Strong Microsoft Powerpoint skills
■        Outstanding writing and communication skills
■        Some travel

-Job Ad 8-

Senior Technical Communicator
Argo Data Resource Corporation Richardson, TX 9/7/2014

Senior Technical Communicator

ESSENTIAL FUNCTION:

Analyzes, designs, develops, and manages ARGO documentation projects for delivery to internal and external customers as defined by the Program Managers.
Extracts information from subject matter experts to write and edit documents that strategically guide technical and non-technical audiences through product planning, implementation, and usage.


DUTIES/SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS:

Develops and maintains documentation plans and schedules for identified documentation projects.
Manages multiple documentation projects effectively to meet deadlines.
Understands and applies contemporary information gathering, analysis, design, verification, and management practices; understands the software development life cycle.
Understands and applies the standards and practices of quality technical communication processes.
Provides editing support for assigned documents, as requested.
Requires minimal supervision and direction.

JOB REQUIREMENTS

Senior Technical Communicator

REQUIREMENTS:

U.S. citizen or permanently authorized to work in the United States
6+ years’ experience as a technical communicator with demonstrated proficiency in related duties and skills
Degree in English, Journalism, Technical Communication or related field preferred
Proficiency in MadCap Flare, Adobe RoboHelp, or other help authoring tool; Adobe Acrobat Professional; Microsoft Office Professional suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Visio); and graphic or image capture tools (SnagIt)
Strong technology background preferred
Software development environment experience preferred
Writing documentation in an Agile development environment preferred
Business analyst experience eliciting information using brainstorming, document analysis, interviews, and questionnaires a plus
Banking, fraud prevention, and financial services experience a plus

JOB SNAPSHOT

Employment Type	Full-Time
Job Type	Other
Education	4 Year Degree
Experience	At least 6 year(s)
Manages Others	Not Specified
Industry	Computer Software, Other Great Industries
Required Travel	Not Specified

-Job Ad 9-

JOB DESCRIPTION

Technical Writer
At NextGen, we don’t just hire people, we hire up, that is, the best and the brightest, matching talent with great companies across the United States.  Ours is a process of Discovery, learning everything we can about our candidates and our clients, in order to achieve the best possible match.  We know that behind every placement, there are real people looking for an opportunity and the right fit to achieve their career goals and professional dreams.  We work from a platform we call NextDimensions, a program that is built on knowledge and trust to create positive and productive partnerships.

At NextGen we are actively looking for high caliber talent to fulfill the following opportunity. 

Job Title: Technical Writer

Duration: 9 months

Location: Hillsboro, OR 

Position Description:

DETAILS

Our client is looking for a technical writer/TME who can quickly understand the software products through conversation, reading specifications, talking with customers, using the products and sometimes even reading the code.


JOB REQUIREMENTS

Technical Writer
Required Skills:

An excellent communicator, this technical writer will then translate his or her understanding of the SW products and how they are used into clear, crisp documentation, simple code samples and even training materials.
2-3 years as a technical writer is a desired skill, but most importantly this person needs to be an excellent communicator.
A basic understanding of web technology, machine learning, software development kits (SDKs), RESTful APIs are all expected skills for this individual.


NextGen Information Services provides our consultants with flexible employment options to include, Hourly, Salary, Subcontracting or 1099 engagements.  Our Hourly and Salary employment opportunities include a variety of optional healthcare benefits! 

NextGen benefits may include:

Healthcare, Dental, and Vision Insurance
Life Insurance and Short & Long Term Disability
Paid Time off and Paid Holidays for Salaried Employees
401k.Retirement Plan
Flex Spending Accounts
NextGen will also provide training for our consultants when it benefits their career growth
Lengthy interview prep plan and outplacement services
 

Our goal at NextGen is to bring our clients the talent they need and demand for business success, and to bring our consultants the opportunity and support for a successful professional life. Most importantly, we work hard not in just making connections, but in making connections that last.  At NextGen, we believe we are catalysts to change, changing business, changing lives and we pride ourselves on this principle.

The business world is constantly evolving and at NextGen we know that you are too.  Are you or someone you know looking to explore new career opportunities?  Explore NextGen……
 

*NextGen Information Services is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or disability or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.

JOB SNAPSHOT

Base Pay	$0.00 - $30.00 /Hour
Employment Type	Contractor
Job Type	Information Technology, Telecommunications, Engineering
Education	Not Specified
Experience	At least 2 year(s)
Manages Others	Not Specified
Industry	Computer Software, Telecommunications, Computer Hardware
Required Travel	None

-Job Ad 10-

Technical Writer-St. Louis Job
Apply Now Apply now
Date: Aug 19, 2014
Location: St. Louis, MO, US
Technical Writer-St. Louis (Job Number:604981)

Description:


JOB DESCRIPTION:

Communicator/Technical writer to produce written work on highlighting key accomplishments, topics/issues against current organizational goals and objectives, upcoming goals and challenges, and other factors determined relevant by the X Directorate leadership. Responsible for compiling or contributing to: input for monthly progress reports; project/concept plans; briefings, papers, meeting agendas and minutes, trip reports for TDY trips.

Qualifications:


TYPICAL EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:

- 11-14 years’ experience in an applicable field. Background in journalism or English with an understanding of technical problems and solutions as they relate to the current and future business environment. Strong expertise writing, communications and graphic work. Excellent journalism and technical writing skills and ability to peer review written products, technical documents for grammar, content and style of writing.

Leidos Overview:Leidos is an applied solutions company focused on markets that are seeing converging business and technological trends, and address basic, enduring human needs: defense and national security, health and life sciences, and energy, engineering and infrastructure. The Company's approximately 20,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and commercial health and engineering markets.

Leidos is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V.

Job Posting: Apr 24, 2014, 11:04:35 AM
Primary Location: United States-MO-ST. LOUIS

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess: Top Secret/SCI

Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: None

Potential for Teleworking: No

Travel: Yes, 10% of the time

Shift: Day Job

Schedule: Full-time

Nearest Major Market: St Louis 
Job Segment: Technical Writer, Military Intelligence, Security Clearance, Engineer, DoD, Technology, Government, Engineering
Document Manager-Technical Writer
IBM - Annapolis Junction, MD

Want your skills to make a difference in how the world works - for the better?

IBM is seeking driven Technical Writers interested in working next to some of the best Information Technology (IT) Specialists in the industry. The Technical Writer will be responsible for creating, editing, publishing, and maintaining technical documentation for current and future applications in accordance with our Client's Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) standards.

Selected candidates may not need to travel for all projects outside of their metro area. However, all candidates must be able and willing to travel based on assigned project demand. Travel requirements may vary but could be up to 100%. Candidates are not able to refuse project based on travel.

(2252) DCHJ PSHJ 1JVDV (HJ2D)

Required

    High School Diploma/GED
    At least 3 years experience in document editing and proof reading expertise for new and existing documents.
    At least 3 years experience in technical writing.
    At least 3 years experience in creating and using styles and templates in MS Word and PowerPoint
    At least 3 years experience in facilitation. Possesses the ability to work under pressure and meet critical deadlines
    At least 3 years experience in responding to changing requirements.
    Security clearance of ability to obtain and maintain DoD Secret.
    U.S. citizenship required
    English: Intermediate


Preferred

    Bachelor's Degree
    At least 5 years experience in document editing and proof reading expertise for new and existing documents.
    At least 5 years experience in technical writing.
    At least 5 years experience in creating and using styles and templates in MS Word and PowerPoint
    At least 5 years experience in facilitation. Possesses the ability to work under pressure and meet critical deadlines
    At least 5 years experience in responding to changing requirements.
    At least 2 years experience in Project Management disciplines.
    At least 2 years experience in across Full Lifecycle Software Development disciplines.
    Security clearance of Secret - Active


Additional information
To be an official applicant to IBM, you must submit a resume and online application. Resumes submitted remain active for six months.

To all recruitment agencies: IBM only accepts resumes from agencies on our Approved Agency List. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, IBM employees, or send to any IBM company location. IBM is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
=============================================================================================================================================================================================
=============================================================================================================================================================================================

Technical Writer, Manager, Developer Relations
Google - Mountain View, CA, USA

Technical writers take complex information and communicate it clearly, concisely and accurately without relying on technical or corporate jargon to explain what they're trying to say. With a unique cross functional perspective, our team of technical writers are the key link between our engineers, marketing associates, developer advocates and external users and developers who comprise the wide Google ecosystem. As a Technical Writer, you juggle a variety of projects, from reading and writing example code, to updating FAQs, to drafting product announcements. When a new technical challenge rises to forefront, you are there to defuse it with your clarifying pen (or keyboard, more likely).  Using your extensive technical and leadership experience, you manage a team of writers, setting direction, giving feedback, collaborating internally and lending specific content expertise.

As a Technical Writer, you will communicate with hundreds of thousands of developers worldwide through conceptual documentation, training and instructional content, API References, sample code, and videos. You'll have plenty of opportunity to inspire our developer community through the creation of simple code samples or complex sample applications that will supplement core documentation. You might have a background as a developer, and write as a hobby; or perhaps you're an experienced communicator who loves digging deep into code. One thing is for certain - you are passionate about helping developers do amazing things.

Responsibilities
Lead a team of Technical Writers, setting the goals, priorities and vision.
Write technical documentation for our external developer audience, such as API reference docs and developer guides.
Design and organize documentation sets for new APIs and developer products.
Edit, clarify, and proofread documents written by others, and coach non-writers on ways to improve their writing skills.
Manage complex documentation projects.


Minimum qualifications
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
Team management experience.
Experience with product documentation, product communications, technical publications or media.
Experience working with source code written in C++, Python and/or JavaScript.


Preferred qualifications
6 years of relevant work experience, including experience researching and writing excellent documentation for developers (APIs, SDKs, web technologies).
Ability to manage multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment
Excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to build strong relationships and evangelize the craft with internal stakeholders.


Area

Making the world's information universally accessible and useful doesn't stop at the desktop. The Mobile team builds tools to get you the information you need no matter where you are. Our open-source Android operating system has become the world's most popular mobile ecosystem, powering hundreds of devices from smartphones to tablets. Whether adding to the core Android experience, forging new markets for digital content, creating immersive and portable versions of our products or managing relationships with a global community of developers, the Mobile team is giving you Google on the go.

Technical Writing
=============================================================================================================================================================================================
=============================================================================================================================================================================================

Tech Yahoo, Technical Writer, Sr
Yahoo! - United States of America-California-Sunnyvale

Yahooís Advertising & Data team is responsible for the technology platforms and products that power all aspects of digital advertising on Yahoo and partner sites. From planning advertising campaigns to serving advertising opportunities, to users to analyzing performance, we build and deploy cutting-edge solutions to optimize display advertising on Yahooís platforms

The ideal candidate for the Senior Technical Writer, is a well-rounded technical writer with deep and proven experience in writing for a diverse portfolio of enterprise products. The role reports into the Chief of Staff office for the SVP of Advertising and Data.

The successful candidate will work with multiple product and engineering teams, and experienced in Agile development environments. The role requires deep understanding of the existing processes and tools to document and publish content, and drive the improvement of ineffective processes both at an organizational and technical level. Experience with online publishing of content is essential.

Requirements

∑ Technical Comprehension and Writing Expertise :

o 8 years as a technical writer for large scale, enterprise products; significant experience in writing end-user and product documentation for enterprise scale advertising platforms preferred

o Write, update, and maintain user and developer guides, such as training materials, reference materials, tutorials, SDK, API documentation, and other technical publications

o Concise writing style that is audience-focused

o Strong communicator, both written and verbal

o Able to gather, analyze, and interpret complex technical concepts

o Strong understanding of document structuring, content communications, and presentation techniques

o Developing high-quality information adhering to technical writing best practices

o Writing clearly and concisely about complex subjects for audiences ranging from consumers and sellers to developers integrating technical solutions

o Analyze target audience and determine appropriate level of detail

o Establish a deep understanding of the subject matter being documented

o Extensive technical editing experience and independent research skills

o Create and use images, drawings, diagrams, wireframes, animations, and charts to clearly convey complex information

o Experience with content managed in a content management system (CMS)

o Bachelor's degree in computer science, English, technical communications, or a related field

∑ Proven Results Orientation and Adaptability in large Agile organizations:

o Knowledge of and/or experience with agile development methods, including Scrum and sprints, and using those methods for editorial workflow and tracking

o Experience working directly with development teams and building strong relationships with product managers and software development engineers

o Manage documentation for multiple, parallel projects from inception to final delivery

o Liaise closely with various disciplines to understand and document procedures, pipelines, technology, and methodologies

o Identifying gaps in production and introducing structure and process to fill them

o Determine what you don't know and how to get the information you need

∑ Strong Process Orientation:

o Incorporate topic-based and structured authoring techniques into technical content

o Track document progress and revisions and provide status reports to key stakeholders

o Develop best practices, templates, and style guidelines within the team.

o Ensure that style guidelines are followed across a project

o Contribute to the development of version and change control processes

*LI-US
=============================================================================================================================================================================================
=============================================================================================================================================================================================

Lead Technical Writer, Cloud
GE - US , Michigan , Van Buren Township

About Us
GE (NYSE: GE) works on things that matter. The best people and the best technologies taking on the toughest challenges. Finding solutions in energy, health and home, transportation and finance. Building, powering, moving and curing the world. Not just imagining. Doing. GE works. For more information, visit the company's website at www.ge.com
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer . Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

Relocation Expenses
No

Role Summary/Purpose
The Lead Technical Writer is a key member of the Enterprise Application Standards team, tasked to create end user documentation based on technical specifications / documentation created by Cloud architects and infrastructure leads. Translating infrastructure design detail into content and language that can be easily and readily be consumed by Application teams tasked to move Applications into the Cloud.

Essential Responsibilities

    Collaborate with Corporate IT and GE Business Unit architects to review and create high quality documentation for consumption by GE Application teams and Cloud service delivery teams
    Actively participate in daily EAS technical committees and working teams
    Write documentation which may include API, UI, administration, and implementation of Cloud services
    Review, and edit /update new and existing Cloud service provider and / or Cloud service delivery technical documentation to validate for accuracy, clarity, consistency, and overall quality.
    Plan, track, and suggest improvements to the overall documentation strategy and identify tools and processes to automate
    Identify external communities outside of GE to forge relationships and build awareness of GE's Cloud strategy
    Work closely with Subject Matter Experts (SME's) to "translate" complicated technical concepts into understandable content for Application teams



Qualifications/Requirements

    Bachelors Degree with a minimum of 5 years' experience in a technical role
    A minimum of 4 years of experience in technical writing position with proven ability to write quality documentation from concept to completion
    A minimum of 2 years experience in documenting software and infrastructure
    Must be willing to work out of an office located in Michigan
    Must be willing to travel



Additional Eligibility Qualifications
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation and drug screen.

Desired Characteristics

    A Bachelors degree, and/or technical communications certification preferred
    Experience in documenting software in complex cross function environment within IT or software development
    Excellent verbal and written skills: Professional communicator and collaborator with a keen eye for quality and detail, including strong working knowledge and application of style guidelines and industry practices
    Track record of working with high velocity engineering organizations, both startups and large corporations
    Ability to work under time pressure to meet frequent deadlines
    A self-starter" with excellent communication skills and the ability collaborate across multiple teams in development and QA organizations
    Experience writing about complex engineering topics. Ability to write to technical audiences.
    Ability to learn new technology quickly, experience in IT infrastructure, IT Applications or Cloud
    Knowledge of using an XML-based authoring tool preferred



Section 19 Job
YOU MUST BE ABLE TO SATISFY THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 19 OF THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE ACT.
=============================================================================================================================================================================================
=============================================================================================================================================================================================

Dell Enstratius User Interface Technical Writer Sr. Advisor
Dell - US-Round Rock, TX


Dell Enstratius User Interface Writer- Minneapolis, MN or Remote

We are looking for a highly skilled Technical Writer to create and maintain clear, concise and useful documentation and contextual help for our cloud management products in a highly collaborative, fast-paced, and distributed environment. A technical background and strong communication skills are essential.

Enstratius is now a part of Dell Software Group and is an award-winning enterprise cloud-management software and services provider that delivers single and multi-cloud management capabilities. Enstratius helps organizations manage applications across private, public and hybrid clouds, including automated application provisioning and scaling, application configuration management, usage governance, and cloud utilization monitoring.

The acquisition of Enstratius further enhances Dellís end-to-end solutions strategy, bringing key capabilities to deliver cloud-management solutions to our customers. Enstratius is available as software-as-a-service or as on-premises software, enabling full control from within a customerís data center, or via a hosted service. Enstratius currently supports more than 20 public and private cloud platforms, including OpenStack, VMware, Rackspace, Amazon Web Services and Windows Azure, with the added flexibility to easily add new clouds.

Role Responsibilities

-Orchestrate a clear, useful and consistent voice throughout different channels of communication, including contextual help and messaging for highly technical applications and documentation portals

-Acquire a familiarity with our product as well as the cloud computing industry as a whole

-Produce pre and post-sales product documentation for complex software solutions.

-Assists in analyzing user and development requirements to determine the documentation deliverables.

-Conducts peer reviews of documentation where required and assigned, to ensure consistent quality in the documentation set.

-Participates in process improvement activities to consistently increase efficiency and quality in the production of documentation.

-Conducts research into new methodologies and tools to improve the usability and production of the documentation set

Requirements

- Undergraduate degree with an emphasis in English, Education, Journalism, or Information Management.

- Proficiency in word processing, desktop publishing tools, online help systems, and the Software Development Lifecycle.

- Able to work independently, excellent written communication skills, and good conflict-resolution skills.

Qualifications

Preferences

- 4+ years of experience working in technical writing or software development environment

Dell is an Equal Opportunity Employer To learn more about our commitment to Diversity & Inclusion, visit: Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement
=============================================================================================================================================================================================
=============================================================================================================================================================================================

Technical Writer
Aspect Software - Orlando, FL

Looking for a great company to leverage your technical documentation skills? Voxeo, an Aspect company, is looking for full-time Technical Writer to join our Cloud team in Orlando, Florida.

 

We are looking for best candidate interested in working with a company offering top-tier employee benefits and those who want the opportunity to work with new technologies. As a Technical Writer, you will perform a variety of writing tasks and research related to software documentation, programming code, sample applications, product release notes, API reference documentation, graphics and images, and developer tutorials.

 

Duties and Responsibilities:

Typically requires a bachelor's degree in a related area and 2-4 years of experience related to technical documentation. Familiar and able to provide content for writing style guides with standard concepts, practices, and procedures for documentation. Relies on own experience and judgment to plan and accomplish documentation goals. Performs a variety of writing tasks and research related to software documentation, programming code, sample applications, product release notes, API reference documentation, graphics and images, and developer tutorials. Under general supervision of the documentation manager, this position trains and mentors junior tech writers and assists in the management of the content management system. 

 

    A passion for technology and for software that uses those technologies.
    Self-confidence to ask a developer for information and the willingness to research the issues before talking to the developer.
    The ability to ask for help from others and to be able to say "I don't know" or "I don't understand."
    Good communication skills ó both written and verbal.
    Strong problem-solving skills.
    A natural curiosity about how things work.
    An enjoyment of learning.
    Excellent time management skills and the ability to meet tight deadlines.
    Drive to keep up with continually changing code and interfaces.
    Adaptability and flexibility to work with schedules and priorities that change frequently.
    The patience to deal with changes that occur during the course of the writing project.
    An ability to learn quickly.
    Self-directed and a strong self-starter.
    Obsession for the customer and for user education.
    Ability to develop tutorials around samples.
    Be able to actively participating in team meetings with developers or documentation team members. 

Employee Benefits:

    Excellent health, vision, dental, life and disability insurances
    Employee Stock Option Plan
    A silicon-valley inspired office and culture: You will find no cubicles present in our facilities, and youíll have direct access to executive level team members who work side-by-side with employees in our open environment.
    Employee education budget: We pay for you to expand your skill set, and successfully achieve industry certifications.
    Free-lunch Fridays: Aspect believes in treating its employees right and we cater your lunch every Friday.
    Our corporate outings are beyond compare. Sure, we have company picnics and host the best Christmas party in Orlando, but we also like to participate in 5ks, play paintball, or just hang out in our own private movie theatre and have some laughs.

Desired Skills and Experience

SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS

    2+ years technical writing experience
    A basic knowledge of programming skills in languages such as HTML, C++, Java, and others.
    Thorough exerience with MS Word and other content editing software.
    Superior editing and proofreading skills with keen attention to detail.
    Strong computer hardware andsoftware operating system knowledge.
    Familiarity with telephony and IVR is a plus.
    Solid organizational skills.
    Strong communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills.
    Independent self-starter able to work on multiple projects simultaneously with minimal direction/supervision.
    Ability to work independently and as part of a team.
    Resourceful with proactive, competent interviewing and information gathering skills.
    Ability to work in a deadline-driven, fast-paced environment while maintaining a high-level of quality.
    Ability to demonstrate a high degree of flexibility, adapting to changing priorities.
    May require the ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
    Ability to use professional concepts and company policies and procedures to solve a variety of problems and contribute to the fulfillment of projects and organizational objectives.
    Ability to provide solutions to problems of moderate scope where analysis of situation or data requires a review of identifiable factors.  

 

JOB REQUIREMENTS

    Bachelor's degree in relevant field.
    Ability to pass a background check may also be required.
    Physical requirements include sitting for long periods of time.
    Ability to travel and work Out-of-Hours if required. 

Aspect is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer with a strong commitment to diversity. In that spirit, we are particularly interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum of people, including women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, veterans or any other legally protected group.

 

This position is not open to any third party recruiters, consultants and/or staffing vendors at this time.
=============================================================================================================================================================================================
=============================================================================================================================================================================================

Technical Writer/ Editor 2/3
Boeing - Annapolis Junction, MD

CURRENT TOP SECRET SCI CLEARANCE WITH FS POLYGRAPH REQUIRED FOR THIS POSITION.

The Boeing National Security Programs Team in Annapolis Junction, Maryland is seeking a talented and experienced Technical Writer to work on programs in a growing portfolio of intelligence, security and information systems. The candidate selected for this position will become a member of an exciting program as a technical writer responsible for the production, development and editing of program documentation to include training, programmatic, and technical documentation. Qualified candidates should have the following: experience in the generation of technical documentation relating to Intelligence Community or Department of Defense (DoD) electronic equipment and systems, experience in technical writing based on engineering drawings, technical information from engineering documentation, consultations with engineers and subject matter experts, and other available sources, experience in the production of defense acquisition documentation, user manuals, training manuals, and other documentation utilized by the end-user community of DoD electronic equipment and systems, experienced with technical manual standards, experience producing technical documentation for Cryptologic programs or projects developing analytic trade craft methodologies, experience in document management, ability to develop written products independently and with little daily oversight when given general and/or overarching requirements, ability to translate technological concepts into layman terms, excellent written and oral communication skills.General requirements: Analyzes, interprets and develops new, innovative communications solutions for customers. Develops or modifies existing content and configuration management systems and processes. Leads writing and editing production. Determines approaches to content structure and design. Leads critical projects. Defines content organization, nomenclature and navigation systems for multifaceted projects. Resolves issues regarding regulatory and legal requirements. Defines new standards and guidelines. Provides expertise related to emerging trends and technology in the writing industry.

www.boeing.com/careers 14-1009650
Desired Skills and Experience
Desirable skills and experience include the ability to document scientific and technical ideas in simple and concise sentences and paragraphs, ability to interpret, translate and document requirements, policies, processes and procedures, ability to manipulate and format documents using MS Word or other well known word processing tool and publishing tools. 
=============================================================================================================================================================================================
=============================================================================================================================================================================================

Technical Writer II
Cisco - Columbia, MD

The Internet of Everything is a phenomenon driving new opportunities for Cisco and it's transforming our customers' businesses worldwide. We are pioneers and have been since the early days of connectivity. Today, we are building teams that are expanding our technology solutions in the Mobile, Cloud, Security, IT, and Big Data spaces, including Software and Consulting Services. As Cisco delivers the network that powers the Internet, we are connecting the unconnected. Imagine creating unprecedented disruption. Your revolutionary ideas will impact everything from retail, healthcare, education, and entertainment, to the public sector, and far beyond. Collaborate with like-minded innovators in a fun and flexible culture that has earned Cisco global recognition as a Great Place To Work. With roughly 10 billion connected things in the world now and over 50 billion estimated in the future, your career has exponential possibilities at Cisco!

Technical Writer II

Essential Job Responsibilities:

Develop, write, and revise technical documents and documentation sets according to established standards and under general supervision.
Identify, plan for, and revise technical writing project requirements.
Serve as a lead writer for moderately complex group requirements requiring task and project coordination.
Organize and disseminate source information. Contribute to special projects.
Regularly participate in product/project team meetings.
Work with editors and technical resources to improve document quality and usability.

Related Business/Technical Knowledge, Skills, and Expertise:

Excellent writing skills.
Ability to identify the moderately complex information needs of a target audience and organize and develop a documentation plan that addresses those needs.
A fundamental understanding of the networking field and of technical writing.
Ability to serve as a lead writer, providing training and guidance to junior writers.
Excellent leadership/teamwork skills.
Successful completion of several major writing projects.
Ability to exercise judgment, within generally defined procedures and practices, while guiding the efforts of group projects.
Ability to solve a wide range of moderate to difficult problems related to the creation of documentation sets in creative and practical ways.

Education and Experience Required/Preferred:

BA/BS or equivalent experience, and 3-7 years of related experience.
Preferred: Degree in Technical Writing, English, Journalism, or Computer Science.

#CiscoJobs #Sourcefire #InternetOfEverything
=============================================================================================================================================================================================
=============================================================================================================================================================================================

Sr Technical Writer, Broadcast Tech Pubs (6961)
Dolby - Americas - US - San Francisco, California

Join the leader in entertainment innovation and help us design the future. At Dolby, science meets art, and high tech means more than computer code. As a member of the Dolby team, youíll see and hear the results of your work everywhere, from movie theaters to smartphones. We continue to revolutionize how people create, deliver, and enjoy entertainment worldwide. To do that, we need the absolute best talent. Weíre big enough to give you all the resources you need, and small enough so you can make a real difference and earn recognition for your work. We offer a collegial culture, challenging projects, and excellent compensation and benefits.

J ob Description Summary

Whenever you switch on an HDTV channel or enjoy surround sound from a streaming service provider, you are listening to audio that was created by a Dolby professional encoder. As a senior technical writer working with the DSP software engineers in the Professional Licensing group of the Dolby Broadcast Technology business, you will be part of a team that delivers Dolby technologies to the professional broadcast industry. We are a small, dynamic team with a large impact, providing solutions that enable creation of audio/video content using Dolby formats. The tasks involved to produce our SDKs are quite varied, and the technical writer will be working with small, dynamic development teams and writing for an audience of software, silicon, and firmware developers, so the job will be ideal for a proactive, self-organizing technical writer who is conversant in the everyday tasks and challenges of embedded-systems developers.

A Dolby technical writer works with subject matter experts based in San Francisco, N¸rnberg, and other Dolby offices worldwide to develop and coordinate approval of task-based information that is structured to maximize reusability; creates, revises, edits, and designs technical instructions, illustrations, and test documentation for real-time embedded system software and development kits; creates final deliverables such as HTML, PDF, online help systems, XML consumed by automated test systems, and fill-in forms; serves as an interdepartmental point person on these activities.

Essential Job Functions

    Writes and illustrates English-language technical documentation for distribution to Dolby licensees, partners, and end-user customers in collaboration with product development teams.
    Conducts up-front analysis, develops formal use cases, and develops task-based documentation
    Influences the product development process to facilitate upstream content development and content quality
    Develops documentation plans and manages related tasks in project management scheduling software.
    Establishes understanding and consistent use of processes, tools, inputs, and outputs among all contributors
    Coordinates reviews, implements comments, facilitates discussion among stakeholders to resolve discrepancies, and secures approval of final documents.
    Conforms to and helps improve and extend standards and processes for content structure, stylistic conventions for writing and illustrating, publishing methodologies, and related tools and infrastructure.
    Communicates effectively in oral and written exchanges among internal and external clients, colleagues, and managers.
    Performs duties as assigned by immediate supervisor or any member of the Dolby management team, subject to approval by direct manager and/or departmental VP. Assists team members as needed.
    Performs tasks necessary to complete performance objectives.



Knowledge, Skills, Experience, and Education Required

    Coursework and/or professional experience with digital signal processing, audio/video codecs and production, broadcast technologies, hardware and software development. Working knowledge of how to write and compile code, link libraries, debug, etc.
    Masterís degree (or Bachelorís degree plus five yearsí experience) in engineering, science, computer science, or equivalent professional experience.
    Conversant in C, C++, object-oriented programming, scripting languages, integrated development environments, software source control, APIs a plus.
    Experience using global English, minimalist writing, and structured authoring principles to maximize searchability, filtering, and content reusability across delivery types, products, and versions.
    Experience designing and writing content using XML, DITA, and content management systems. Further skills in information architecture, XSLT, XSL-FO, OT, DTD, HTML, Ant, and CSS are desirable.


Helpful but not required:

    Experience with OxygenXML; Adobe FrameMaker, Illustrator, Photoshop, InDesign; Doxygen; DocBooks; Visio; Hansoft; Perforce; software/hardware user interfaces; localization and internationalization of technical communications and software/hardware UIs. 



Build your career profile, also within the Careers tab in Employee Central to open the possibility of new opportunities finding you. Express your interest. If you want to express your interest in a specific opportunity and be contacted by a recruiter, click the apply button associated with the relevant job description. The Recruiter is is the only one who will see your application.

Please refer to the recruiting web site for more information: https://dolbyconnect.dolby.net/organization/HR/Pages/recruiting.aspx

=============================================================================================================================================================================================
=============================================================================================================================================================================================

Technical Writer, YouTube
YouTube - San Bruno, CA, USA

Technical writers take complex information and communicate it clearly, concisely and accurately without relying on technical or corporate jargon to explain what they're trying to say. With a unique cross functional perspective, our team of technical writers are the key link between our engineers, marketing associates, developer advocates and external users and developers who comprise the wide Google ecosystem. As a Technical Writer, you juggle a variety of projects, from reading and writing example code, to updating FAQs, to drafting product announcements. When a new technical challenge rises to forefront, you are there to defuse it with your clarifying pen (or keyboard, more likely).

Responsibilities
Write technical documentation for internal and external developer audiences, including developer guides, reference manuals, tutorials, and more.
Design, organize, and maintain documentation sets and templates.
Review design documents and test completed features during documentation process.
Edit documents written by other members of the engineering team.


Minimum qualifications
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.


Preferred qualifications
Ability to read and understand source code written in Java, C++, Python and/or JavaScript. Proficiency with HTML and CSS.
Ability to write simple to complex code samples in Python and/or JavaScript.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.


Area

Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.

Technical Writing
1. Technical Writer IV - Sr. Technical Writer/Editor
DRS Technical Services, Inc.

Tech Writer
These professionals provide overall documentation support to both management and technical staffs within 
the Intelligence Community.  This includes document preparation by applying the highest levels of industry 
and client standards, establishing proper formats in accordance with client requirements, reviewing 
and correcting draft materials as appropriate, supporting decisions as to appropriate text and graphic 
software to use for given jobs, etc.  They may also create, implement, and track production of 
designed documents. As a minimum, they will be adept at using computer based word processing and office 
applications programs.

Basic Qualifications (including education and years of experience required)
Bachelor's Degree
10 years.
Minimum clearance requirement is Secret

2. Senior Technical Writer/Technical Writer
HTI
Job Description:
A large software/electronics company in Midtown Atlanta has an immediate opening for a Senior Technical Writer and a Technical Writer.  

Position Details:
Direct hire, permanent position with benefits
Work hours:  Mon-Fri 8am-5pm
Fun, modern and collaborative work environment
Technical Writer salary - $45,000 - $50,000/year, DOE
Senior Technical Writer salary - $60,000 - $70,000/year, DOE

Job duties:
Complete documentation projects according to set standards regarding order, clarity, conciseness, style, and terminology
Work with cross-functional subject matter experts to ensure documentation is technically correct and functional
Edit, standardize, or make changes to material prepared by other writers or internal personnel
Analyze product release notifications to determine need for revisions in previously published materials and development of new material
Manage an efficient review cycle, gathering feedback from select experts across the organization
Assist with the development of classroom and online training materials
Create and manage content for our online customer care portal
Collect, record, and curate corporate knowledge and expertise
Conduct project demonstrations and training presentations to groups of employees and end users.

Senior Technical Writer – Additional job duties:
Lead the documentation team and determine company strategy for how documents are written and delivered
Manage team projects; communicate release dates and department priorities
Complete documentation projects according to set standards regarding order, clarity, conciseness, style, and terminology

Job Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in communications, writing or technical field
2-4 years of experience as a Technical Writer; Senior Technical Writer – 5 years required
Must be proficient with Microsoft Office, Adobe PhotoShop, Adobe Captivate, and screen capturing tools
Experience with Author-It, Wordpress, CSS, HTML, SQL and PHP preferred
Ability to interview subject matter experts to research current and future software features
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, juggling multiple projects and deadlines at once
Have strong organization skills and be extremely detail oriented

HTI Corporate Staffing provides professional staffing and recruiting services to numerous client companies in the Southeastern United 
States.  Our areas of focus include Administrative, Accounting, Call Center, Information Technology, 
Marketing/Sales, Human Resources and Executive Search.  HTI is honored to have been selected by our 
employees as one of the best places to work in South Carolina for the past four years in a row.  
Learn more about what makes HTI a great company to work with at. 

3. Technical Writer
Greenway

Technical Writer
Job Summary:

The Technical Writer is responsible for effectively communicating the details of the software through on-screen assistance, online help, release notes and user guides.  This mid-level position is able to work independently on significant design projects.

Essential Responsibilities & Duties:
Collaborates with Product Management, Designers, Business Analysts, Usability Analysts, Customers, Engineers, and other stakeholders to understand the needs and goals.
Uses industry-standard authoring tools to create documentation deliverables such as user guides, application help files and HTML-based documents.
Works as a member of a high-performing agile development team, where effective communication, project planning, and dependability are paramount.  Produces draft materials that are reviewed by team and subject matter experts for accuracy and completeness.
Uses product knowledge developed while documenting to report defects and make design suggestions.
Ensures all deliverables are consistent with standards for style, tone and corporate branding.
Publishes drafts and final versions to appropriate areas and facilitates the handoff to Beta, Training, Support and other stakeholders.
Stays current with the latest methods for authoring, publishing and delivering technical documentation to maximize the readability and effectiveness to consumers.

Qualifications:
Education:  Bachelor’s degree or certificate in English, technical writing, or equivalent experience.
Experience:  2+ years of experience writing end user procedural manuals, reference materials, and user documentation.

Skills/Knowledge:
Healthcare experience is preferred.
Agile development is preferred.
Proficient with document processing, desktop publishing, Help authoring tools, and other business software tools.
Excellent communication, interpersonal, time management, and personal organization skills.
Demonstrated ability to write high quality documentation.

4. Environmental Analyst/Technical Writer
Confidential

About the Job
A regional consulting firm has an opening for an Environmental Analyst in our downtown Buffalo Office. 
The firm is seeking an entry-level person with the ability to analyze and convey technical information.  

All applicants must possess BS degree in Environmental Science or related discipline.  
Excellent organizational, communication, and writing skills required.  

Join our expanding team of professional and qualified environmental, construction monitoring 
and real estate staff members, who focus on providing solutions in challenging real estate 
transactions to national and community lending institutions as well as other real estate professionals.

This full time position can lead to advancement in our growing company, 
which has offices located throughout New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, New England, Maryland, 
Delaware, and Virginia and provides services nationwide. 
We offer a benefit package that includes healthcare coverage and paid vacation 
and “ownership” under an IRS qualified Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). 
Salary is commensurate with experience.

5. Technical Writer
MATLAB

Job Summary
Do you have a strong aptitude and desire to write about technical topics? 
Would you like to teach others how to use software tools to solve challenging engineering problems 
in industries such as aerospace, automotive, and communications? 
Are you an experienced software or systems engineer considering a career change?

Come join a team at MathWorks that teaches engineers, scientists, and students 
how to use sophisticated software to model, simulate and generate code for dynamic systems.

We are looking for individuals with the background and skills to communicate creative ways to use MathWorks products to solve challenging problems.

Responsibilities
Write user-focused content that explains how to use tools to design, model, and simulate engineering systems
Develop examples and tutorials that show how to use software features that span multiple products
Work with customers and customer-facing groups to identify use cases, workflows, user tasks, and information needs
Participate in the software development process, review software requirements and functional designs, provide comments and suggest improvements
Minimum Qualifications

A bachelor's degree and 3 years of professional work experience, or a master's degree, or a PhD degree is required.
Experience with MATLAB
Exposure to Technical Degree Program

Preferred Qualifications
Bachelors or Masters in engineering, science, mathematics, or other technical area
Experience using MATLAB and/or Simulink
Professional experience, preferably in a fast-paced software development environment
Experience writing for a technical audience
Proven ability to explain complex engineering or science concepts clearly
Ability to work collaboratively within cross-function product teams and a multi-writer team
Knowledge of a programming language
Experience modeling dynamic systems
 
6. Senior Technical Writer
Volt Workforce Solutions

Job Description VOLT is hiring a Senior Technical Writer for one of our TOP clients in the North Austin TX area. In this role the Senior Technical Writer will support the Integration Documentation Team. The successful candidate will develop, maintain, and refine training materials, product documentation, use cases, working samples, and other materials for learning and working with our tools/systems. In this role, your job duties will include but are not limited to: 
* Design and create courses, certification tests, and supporting product documentation for users and developers based on in-depth evaluation of various questions and inputs from a wide variety of teams, including Product Management, Development, Testing, Support, Training, Sales, Technical Services, Marketing, and IT 
* Work on complex problems with minimal supervision, where making your contribution to a team effort requires initiative, decision-making, judgment, leadership, thinking ahead, follow-through, and people skills 
* Maintain and improve existing training materials, product documentation, and samples in response to internal and customer feedback regarding accuracy, completeness, consistency, and usability 
* Apply professional standards and best practices for English usage, terminology, and style in technical communications 
* Work effectively in a team environment and routinely serve in a leadership role, including overseeing projects, facilitating meetings, and supporting coordination of activities and information across groups 
* Learn clients products and understand their use in a wide range of business areas, such as health care, customer service, finance, B2B and eCommerce, energy, manufacturing, and government 
* Maintain working knowledge of technologies: Graphical user and command line interfaces, client-server networking, operating systems, database and CRM systems, digital security, flat and hierarchical data structures and data types, programming languages, SDKs and embedded applications, query languages such as SQL, and scripting languages such as JavaScript, and object-oriented and thread-processing concepts 
* Support efforts by partners and customers to translate, embed, or rebrand Pervasive products. VOLT is an Equal Opportunity Employer Job Requirements 
* Formal education, training, or on-the-job experience with classroom teaching and its materials, including planning, implementation, instruction, evaluation, and management of course lessons in face-to-face settings and online learning environments, with a minimum of 8 years related experience 
* Proficient in the use of writing, presentation, and courseware tools and technologies, such as Articulate Studio, Webex, Camtasia, Microsoft Word and PowerPoint, Adobe Acrobat, Adobe FrameMaker HTML, PDF, e-mail, and online forums and wiki systems 
* Excellent oral and written communication skills, able to work effectively with cross-functional teams 
* Proactive and creative problem-solving skills 
* Formal education, training, or on the job experience with one or more of the following technologies: Cloud-based computing, parallel processing, data mining, data analytics, and scalable, distributed computing systems such as Hadoop 
* Comfortable with the standard tools of software product development, including version control and bug tracking 
* Ability to plan, estimate, perform, and provide status on assignments, usually working on more than one assignment at a time Preferred Experience and

Education:
* Curriculum design and usability of course materials or technical documentation 
* Delivery and maintenance of online documentation integrated with user interfaces. Experience with automated build systems for help format conversion, such as WebWorks, is a plus 
* Requirements gathering based on use cases and customer profiles 
* Ability to work in both Windows and Linux environments 
* Technical degree or work experience that provides knowledge of technologies listed under job duties above

7. Senior Technical Writer
Coverity

The Position
Coverity is looking for a Senior Technical Writer with XML-editing experience to join our fast-paced engineering team. We are looking for a fun, well-rounded, and highly technical writer who can participate in the entire documentation process, including planning, information design, PDF and HTML generation, and packaging.     

The Responsibilities
Design and write DocBook (XML)-based help, user guides, command reference, and release notes for both command-line and GUI-based software products.
Understand requirements, develop documentation plans, and work with engineers to document the product.
Format and/or Write code samples in C/C++, Java, and C# to show common coding bugs, and to test product functionality.
Build PDF, HTML, and Eclipse help output from XML using make files and DocBook libraries.
Develop technical illustrations with Visio.
Create Web pages in HTML and CSS for product-related sites.
Plan, manage tasks, and balance multiple projects across teams.
 

Required Experience
Experience documenting complex software for a programmer or software engineer audience
Experience writing in XML (strongly preferred), or a comparable structured authoring experience
Experience with programming languages and object-oriented programming concepts (such as C/C++, C#, Java)
Experience with scripting languages (JavaScript, Perl, Python, and/or Ruby)
Experience with source control (such as git, cvs, svn, perforce, etc.)
Experience with bug tracking systems
Experience writing scripts or using build tools to improve generation of documentation
Experience working in Linux and Windows command-line environments
Proven ability to write clear procedural and reference information for complex products, following style and tagging guidelines
 

Preferred Experience
Programming experience in C/C++, C#, or Java
DocBook tagging and XSL library familiarity
Experience with build with tools such as make
oXygen or other XML editor
Editing and information design
Familiarity with command-line help
XSL stylesheets
Familiarity with IDEs such as Eclipse, Visual Studio, and InteliJ
Creating IDE help documentation (Eclipse, VisualStudio, IntelliJ)
Writing for international audiences and working with translators
Degree in Technical Communication, Computer Science or equivalent
Ability to read/write/textually translate Engilsh to Japanese would be a huge plus but by no means an expected skill
 

Personal Qualities
Strong communicator (written and verbal)
Ability to work as part of a team and independently
Strong interest in learning and growing
Enjoys working in a dynamic environment
Ability to get things done in a fast-paced company
Smart, creative, energetic, conscientious, and enthusiastic person with strong problem solving skills
Team player with a customer-focused attitude

About Coverity
Almost every day yet another software failure or breach is in the news.  Examples like Apple GOTO fail, Heartbleed or Target are all too common and billions of dollars are spent every year dealing with the aftermath.  
At Coverity, we help organizations improve the quality and security of their code by enabling them to find and fix critical defects as the code is developed and focus their test development and test execution efforts based on risk and change.  How you might ask?  By delivering the market-leading static analysis technology and innovative testing solutions to improve black box and white box testing.  
We’re helping to save the world from buggy software.

8. RFx/ Proposal Writer
NetSource, Inc.

Collaboration is a must. This person works with Sales Engineers/Account Executives, Product Management, Security, and other staff to understand and craft narrative around features/enhancements, in addition to security and infrastructure details.
The Strategic Pursuit Specialist is not just an awesome writer, but also a product and company advocate.

REQUIRED SKILLS 
• Bachelor's degree in a technical (i.e. CS) or communications (i.e. English) field; 
• 1 - 2 years of proposal / technical writing experience, with proven ability to craft message for both technical and non-technical audiences; 
• Solid project management skills; 
• Proven ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams; 
• Excellent influencing and negotiation skills; 
• Ability to juggle multiple projects and tasks in a fast paced, deadline driven environment; 
• Strong experience using MS office (Word, Excel, PPT) and Google Apps (Docs, Sheets, etc.); 
• Experience with image editing software, such as Photoshop and Snag-it, is a plus; 
• Experience with salesforce.com and/or other software-as-a-service solution is a plus.

RESPONSIBILITIES: 
• Write responses to RFx and questionnaires. 
• Manage aspects of RFx compilation including delegation of responsibilities, editing, 
• Add to/update the RFPForce Knowledgebase as needed; 
• Work with Manager to identify opportunities for RFx process optimization, process redesign, or development of new process/policies based on trends and prediction of future needs; 
• Compose and manage the completion of other strategic documentation.

9. User Interface Developer
Sabre

Our cutting edge web development team is looking for an experienced User Interface Developer who is passionate about creating and maintaining award winning websites. If you are current with today's web trends, standards and techniques and you thrive on taking initiative and have excellent problem solving skills. If you want to work in a fast paced, innovative company and you want to work in a creative and inspiring environment keep reading.
What we need from you:
1-3 years of experience developing standards-based websites using valid, semantic markup for structure and CSS for layout
Thorough knowledge of current website development trends (including responsive development) and popular CSS style layouts and scripting techniques (JQuery knowledge a big plus)
Extremely detail-oriented with strong commitment to cross-browser and cross-platform testing, troubleshooting and quality assurance
Strong working knowledge of XHTML, CSS, and Javascript, and JQuery
Basic to intermediate knowledge of PHP (or similar programming language) and MySQL (or similar database query language)
Driving tasks to completion and taking ownership of projects
What We Offer in Return:
Work with THE BEST developers, programmers, and designers in the Hotel/Hospitality space.
Learn, collaborate and work within a technical environment where the sky is the limit for your talents and innovative thinking.
Work with the latest and greatest in web technologies.
Enjoy a casual dress code.
Competitive Salary.
Great Benefits Package.
In order to be considered you MUST submit a work portfolio for review. We want to see your talents first hand.
Sabre Hospitality Solutions, a Sabre Holdings company, located in Bethesda, MD, specializes in creating E-business solutions exclusively for the hospitality industry. The company's unique approach to building successful online marketing programs combines hospitality expertise, innovative Internet marketing techniques and an emphasis on return on investment.
Sabre Holdings connects people with the world’s greatest travel possibilities by retailing travel products and providing distribution and technology solutions for the travel industry. More information is available at http://www.sabre-holdings.com.


EDUCATION: 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent. 

EXPERIENCE: 
Minimum 3 years related experience. Good written and verbal communication skills; ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously. 

At Sabre, we achieve success by building extraordinary teams with exceptional people - 
that means finding the best and brightest to join Sabre. Does that sound like you? 
Sabre offers a diverse and comprehensive technology solutions portfolio that helps power 
our customers within the travel industry. These technologies include Cloud Computing, Software (SaaS), 
Big Data / BI, Mobility, UX / UI and Transactional Processing. 
Headquartered in Southlake, Texas, USA, we have approximately 10,000 employees in 60 countries. 
As a global company, we have won numerous awards for being a top employer and corporate citizen, 
and offer many opportunities for career growth and personal development. To learn more about the people 
and culture of Sabre, follow us on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. 

10. Technical Writer
Amazon

Job Description
Data Center Global Services (DCGS) is looking for technical writer to help develop process and procedure documentation to support data center operations.

Amazon.com is deeply committed to being a leader in the marketplace, and one of the keys to success is building and maintaining the electrical plants, cooling plants and physical spaces that support Amazon’s servers. The technical writing team plays a vital role in getting data centers up and running quickly by making sure the methods and procedures that engineers and technicians follow are clearly described and easy to follow. 

Key Responsibilities:
* Develop and deliver operations, process, and procedure documentation for engineers, electricians, and mechanics
* Work with documentation management systems and help oversee the lifecycle of documents
* Work with samples, examples, and graphics to support documentation

Basic Qualifications
Required Skills and Experience:
* A minimum of 3 years in a technical writing role
* Experience using multiple authoring tools 
* Strong attention to detail and accuracy
* Proven success producing engineering-oriented documentation
* Experience interviewing experts, such as mechanics, electricians, or engineers, to elicit essential content

Knowledge and Qualifications:
* A combined technical background to easily interact with engineers and a demonstrated ability to deliver high-quality technical documents
* Ability to write clearly and grammatically 
* Proficiency with industry standard technical writing tools
* Ability to independently manage a large-scale project
* Proactive and able to ramp up on new concepts and methods quickly
* Ability to independently establish document designs and standards and follow them consistently
* Strong interpersonal skills and contribute to the effectiveness of the work environment
* Open-minded attitude to resolving problems and delivering the right results
* A passion to thrive in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment
* Ability to stay on target and on track under normal circumstances, and to expedite efforts when required
Preferred Qualifications
Preferred Skills and Qualifications:
* Bachelor degree or Technical Writing certificate or equivalent 
* Previous experience working in a data center, networking, or manufacturing environment highly desirable
* Previous experience writing documentation related to infrastructure, mechanical, or electrical highly desirable
* Previous experience writing procedures for people working in dangerous environments
* Experience using DITA or other XML authoring schema

Other Requirements:
* Available for potential global travel
Job Summary:

As Technical Writer you will write or revise hardware and software documentation for
 NetApp's products and technologies. Documentation may include books, guides, main pages,
 release notes, on-line help, embedded help, error messes, web pages, flyers, posters, and
 videos. You will work cross-functionally with other professionals in the Engineering, Field
 Support, Sales, and Marketing groups, as well as NetApp customers who use NetApp
 products and services. The successful individual in this role will be a team player who is
 comfortable working as an individual contributor, and who has a passion for working in the
 technology industry.

The focus of deliverables that the Technical Writers are responsible for is to drive ease-of-use
 into NetApp hardware, software and information products so that the customers' experience
 of NetApp products in improved.

Essential Functions:

- Full responsibility for completing a book of moderate complexity.

- Write material for user manuals, on-line documents and other per project plan.

- Write documentation plan with input provided.

- Update existing materials.

- Start to manage production issues.

- Programming, system administration, or editing

Job Requirements:

- Excellent oral and written communication skills are required.

- Excellent grammatical skills are required.

- Familiar with engineering and manufacturing documentation required for new product
 introduction.

- Strong technical skills.

- Ability to work collaboratively within a team environment of other writers, editors and cross
 functional peers to support deadlines.

- Ability to understand and follow:

- NetApp publications standards and production processes

- Burt processes

- Perforce processes

- Information mapping processes

Responsibility and Interaction:

Responsibility:

- The types of tasks this individual is responsible are a mix of structured and unstructured
 tasks. This individual will apply attained experiences and knowledge in solving routine to
 moderately complex problems.

- Building a specialty within the function and better understand NetApp's systems.

Interaction:

- This individual interacts primarily with Staff to Director level employees within the function,
 and the technical team on assigned projects. There may be communication with employees in
 other functions as required.

- General direction is provided on routine work, and detailed direction is provided on new
 projects and assignments; as well as on-going review of activities and priorities.

- The ideal candidate will be an important contributor or lead on team projects.

 Job Requirements

Education and Experience:

- A minimum of 2 years of technical writing experience is required. 3 to 5 years of technical
 writing experience is preferred.

- A Bachelor of Science or Arts Degree in English, Journalism, Computer Science or
 Engineering is required.

- Technical experience is preferred

- Demonstrated ability to have completed multiple, moderately complex technical tasks.

Job Description

Acumen, LLC is a public policy consulting firm that provides government agencies with high-
quality, impartial research on healthcare, labor practices, and welfare services to promote
 information-driven policies.  Rooting comparative effectiveness research, value-based
 purchasing, and outcomes measurement in an array of complex data, Acumen adheres to
 analysis based on information, not ideology.

In keeping with this principle, Acumen is seeking a talented technical writer with a strong
 desire to further develop his or her technical, research, and data-driven writing skills by
 joining Acumen’s exceptional technical writing team.  As a team member, the technical writer
 will have the opportunity to exercise and hone a variety of writing skills—from composing user
 guides about research tools to writing policy memos for external clients.

The ideal candidate will have 1-5 years of experience, with a college degree and a passion for
 superb writing and rhetoric.  She or he will be looking to further develop her or his technical
 writing abilities, as well as an opportunity to define her or his career in public policy with some
 of the best and brightest minds.  Acumen provides a strong career path for those who are
 committed to post-college career objectives and to the development of excellent writing skills.

The Technical Writer will:

Work with various subject matter experts to compose user guides, technical specifications,
 and workflow processes for Acumen information systems
Revise document drafts, verify technical content, and ensure correct grammar
Enforce document version control
Support the Technical Writing Manager in ad hoc documentation projects, which could
 include the production of external-client memos, research-based documentation, and
 reference materials

 Job Requirements

Required Skills

Qualifications Required:

Bachelor of Arts in a writing intensive field, Bachelor of Science with a communications
 minor, or commensurate experience
Strong written and oral communication skills
Able to think critically about a document or task
Able to structure information logically and consistently
Basic knowledge of technical writing principles 
Proficiency in Chicago, MLA, or APA style guidelines
Good organization skills

Qualifications Desired:

1-3 years of writing experience in a structured work environment
Superb communication and writing skills to include:
An ability to quickly grasp technical concepts and translate them into clear, easy-to-
understand content
An ability to proactively communicate the status of documentation to a range of
 document stakeholders
Ability to conceptualize information and information systems using various information
 resources
Ability to thrive in both team and self-managed environments
General understanding of information systems and/or information security
Familiarity with HTML and CSS

Salary: Competitive, commensurate with experience. Benefits included. This is a full-time
 position.

Due to the sensitive nature of much of our work, all Acumen employees must undergo a
 background check. Your employment will be contingent upon your completing, and Acumen
 reviewing to its satisfaction, a mandatory background check.

Employees who work with particularly sensitive information may be asked to undergo an
 additional background check after starting work.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,
 religion, sex, national origin, physical or mental handicap, disability, age or status as a
 disabled veteran, or veteran of the Vietnam era.
Job Description
 
Summary of Duties
 
Reporting directly to the Department Head, Management
 Development, the Technical Writer provides technical and writing
 expertise for training and non-training projects. Responsibilities
 include assessing training needs, defining learning objectives,
 developing project standards, identifying appropriate instructional
 strategies, and implementing industry and corporate standards into
 document design, training delivery, and in train-the-trainer programs.

 In addition, technical writers are responsible for defining client
 requirements, building client relationships, working with clients to
 ensure materials meet project requirements, analyzing project
 assignments to determine solutions, and collaborating with subject
 matter experts (SMEs) to analyze, develop, implement, and evaluate
 appropriate solutions. The Technical Writer must also perform other
 related duties as necessary to meet the ongoing needs of the
 organization.

Minimum Acceptable Qualifications
 
Bachelor's degree in English, Adult Education, Instructional Design,
 Communication, Industrial Psychology, Technical Writing, OR in lieu
 of degree, any combination of education and experience in technical
 writing, journalism, or curriculum design that equals four (4) years.
Must have five years experience in course design, curriculum design,
 or e-learning.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills for presentations.
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite including Word,
 PowerPoint, Outlook, and Excel.
Comprehensive knowledge of current instructional theories and
 principles applicable to both hard copy and web-based instructional
 materials.
Knowledge of information architecture principles and methods.
Must possess interpersonal and human relations skills in dealing with
 all levels of staff, external groups/customers, and organizations.
Knowledge of multi-media design tools is preferable.
Must possess a valid driver’s license.
 
All employees are responsible for performing their job safely and
 in accordance with the safety objectives, goals and program of
 the organization, ensuring compliance with applicable safety
 rules and regulations.
 
Other Important Information
 
Only qualified applicants will receive consideration.
Selected candidates are subject to a physical examination/drug test
 and background check to verify information regarding education,
 employment, vehicle and criminal history.
Relocation is not available for this position.
 
Company Overview
 
Metra is one of the largest commuter rail systems in North America
 and provides commuter rail service between the downtown Chicago
 business district and 240 stations in Northeastern Illinois over 11
 routes totaling about 500 route miles. Metra operates 700 weekday
 trains, providing more than 300,000 passenger trips a day.
 
Response Information
 
If you are interested in applying for a position at Metra, please
 send your cover letter which must include the position title, your
 resume and salary history to:

 
E-mail: jobs@metrarr.com

 
Metra is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. It is our
 policy to fill vacant positions with qualified candidates without regard
 to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, or disability,
 assuming an individual can perform the essential functions of the job
 with or without accommodation.
WORK LOCATION: Mounds View, MN

ASSIGNMENT DURATION: 6 months

POSITION DESCRIPTION:

Provide technical writing, project management, and configuration management support for
 medical device industry product labeling projects within CRDM Technical Communications..
 Instructions for Use (IFU) deliverables include clinician reference manuals, product inserts,
 online help, etc. Users of this information may include regulators, clinicians, patients, and
 technical support representatives. May be asked to move quickly between project work and
 process development and do both writing and project mgmt. Need to be energized by change
 and able to stay flexible.

POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:

Plan, research, and develop content or coordinate content development for technical writing
 projects. Research products by reading product specifications and other documentation,
 interviewing subject matter experts, and investigating prototype hardware and software.
 Support project teams as necessary, including facilitating decisions about distribution and
 local language plans and regulatory requirements, researching justification for historical
 content changes, etc. Maintain awareness of and ensure adherence to standards, laws, and
 process and content-related regulatory requirements, as well as internal procedures.
 Develop, communicate and maintain project estimates, schedules, and status. Coordinate
 layout and design of deliverables with graphic designer and/or print specifications expert.
 Conduct content and quality reviews. Coordinate translations. Maintain project-related
 records, working within a variety of document control and configuration management
 systems, processes and tools. Apply creativity to solve problems related to processes,
 systems, and tools.

 Job Requirements

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Technical writing career focus with some project management experience (certification not
 necessary), OR

Project Management career focus with some technical writing experience

Demonstrated ability to write clearly and concisely

Recent experience working in Framemaker, XML, component content management systems,
 and document control and/or configuration management systems

Demonstrated tools proficiency and aptitude

EDUCATION REQUIRED:

4-year Bachelor’s degree in Technical Writing or related field

YEARS OF EXPERIENCE: 1-3 Minimum

DESIRED START DATE: September 2014

DESIRED/PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Demonstrated experience/aptitude for the following things:

Experience working in regulated industry
Experience applying ISO regulations, FDA QSR Design Controls, GMP, etc. into the design
 of technical documentation
Preference for multi-tasking
Skilled at analyzing and organizing data
Ability to influence and inspire others

Interested candidates should email a resume to hr@jpgassoc.comJob Description
Job Title: Technical Writer
Location: Corporate Headquarters, Orlando, FL
Reports To: Program Manager

FLSA Status: Full-time, Exempt
Clearance: Ability to obtain Secret

Summary: The Technical Writer is responsible for developing, drafting and
 implementing program documents. The position needs to be intimately
 aware of policies, procedures and systems relative to the program and the
 Company.
Qualifications, Essential Duties and Responsibilities: To perform
 this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform
 each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed
 below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or
 ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made
 to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the
 essential functions. Other duties may be assigned.

Assist in the day to day processing activities of program documentation.
Research and write user and reference documentation, operations
 manuals, technical descriptions and procedure documentation.
Format and review deliverable documentation in accordance with
 Company practices and/or Department of Defense (DoD) standards, as
 required.
Explain or describe processes in a concise, technical, and professional
 manner.
Support continuous improvements for and development of the activities
 related to Documentation Control for Company deliverables.
Work in a fast-paced production environment with ability to handle
 multiple competing tasks and demands.

Supervisory Responsibilities: None at the current time.

Education and/or Experience:

Bachelors degree in English, Technical Writing or similar field. Four (4)
 years of professional experience can be substituted for two (2) years of
 the educational requirements.
Minimum 4 years experience in engineering/simulation discipline or
 relevant industry, performing technical documentation development.
Background in and Knowledge of DoD design documentation required to
 support simulation and training systems.
Knowledge and understanding of engineering source data, production
 design data, logistics source data and other related technical literature,
 as well as a knowledge of research methodology sufficient to develop
 authentic technical information.
Ability to research the operation of training and training support systems,
 reviewing specifications and/or complex engineering drawings, and
 physically examining samples as required.

Proficient in all Microsoft Office applications, Adobe Acrobat, and
 software applications used in document development, control and
 configuration management.

Carley Corporation is an EOE. AA/M/F/D/V. We participate in the E-Verify Employment
 Verification ProgramJob Description

Summary: 
A Loan Documentation Specialist I is an experienced, qualified individual who possesses a
 thorough understanding of the basic principles governing loan documentation and perfection
 of security interests. The Loan Documentation Specialist I is responsible for generating
 documentation, ensuring that the loan closes in a timely manner, and that all credit and
 collateral issues are resolved and properly documented. The specialist must have an
 understanding of documentation from both the business and collateral side. He/She must
 understand the basic concept of financial covenants contained in loan documents and will be
 responsible for ensuring the loan documents comply with all credit and collateral terms of the
 approval. He/She may also be required to draft amendments. 

Responsibilities: 
• To ensure that loans and renewals are closed in compliance with the Bank's loan policy and
 in compliance with any other requirements designated by the credit approval authority 
 • To review loan documents drafted by outside counsel to ensure that the documents satisfy
 the requirements of the appropriate credit approval authority. 
 • To accurately generate any and all required Loan Documents utilizing Laser Pro 
 • To draft and handle execution of partial releases, subordination of liens, etc. on standard
 bank forms, without the use of counsel. 
 • To take complete responsibility determining, communicating and reviewing all requirement
 collateral and loan documentation needed from the customer to be able to generate Loan
 Documents 
 • Review organizational documents, UCC searches, various insurance requirements and
 other third party documents to ensure conformity with bank standards 
 • Must be able to document the most common Small Business Collateral types: (No
 Doc/Express Funding Unsecured loans, Cash Secured, CD Secured, UCC secured, Vehicle
 secured, Letters of Credit, Guidance lines) 
 • Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 • Independent and self- motivated 
 • Strong organizational skills 
 • Strong analytical skills 
 • Ability to effectively manage time 

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications: 
• High School Diploma, GED, equivalent certification, or military experience 
 • 2 years of Banking experience 

Preferred Qualifications: 
• Bachelor’s Degree 
 • At least 4 years of experience as a real estate/banking paralegal for a law firm or a title
 company. 
 • 2 years of banking experience with responsibility for commercial or small business loan
 documentation specific to Real Estate 

At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization
 for this position. 
 No agencies please. 

 Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace.
 Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. 

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to
 sex, race, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. 

 Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in
 a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal
 background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York
 Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920;
 Newark, New Jersey Ordinance 12-1630; and other applicable federal, state, and local
 laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries. 
Job Description

Work Location: Plymouth, MN

Assignment Duration: Through March 2015

Summary of Position:

The Senior Technical Communication Specialist position will work with minimal direction and
 supervision within the Peripheral Vascular group to create and update Instructions For Use
 (IFU), coordinate translations, author ECOs, complete proof approvals, and ensure final
 product labeling meets regulatory standards, as well as on-time delivery, within the defined
 project schedule(s).

Responsibilities:

Leads the process of creating and updating IFUs for assigned product labeling projects, in
 multilingual and supplemental formats. Works with engineering, marketing, clinical,
 regulatory, and quality, etc., to develop content. Schedules and attends project meetings
 and meets with individual subject matter experts, as necessary.
Creates a variety of IFU layouts and paragraph styles using Adobe InDesign.
Collaborates with package engineering to provide sample IFU layouts for validation step
 and determine material specification requirements.
Coordinates translations: interfaces with translation vendor, obtains quotes, performs
 quality check on returned files, releases in document control system to meet project
 schedule.
Enhances readability of product IFUs by editing for grammar, consistency, style, and
 format, to comply with style guide and corporate marketing requirements.
Assists regulatory with the preparation of IFUs for submissions and clinical data updates.
Coordinates with labeling team to ensure product labeling content aligns across all
 components.
Works closely with project managers, package engineers, label specialists, graphic
 designers, artwork coordinators, and CAD designers to coordinate all aspects of the
 Covidien brand and ensure a timely release of final labeling.
Authors ECOs (electronic change orders) for all IFU changes and obtains cross functional
 approvals to release final labeling in the document control system (MatrixOne).
Work with planning to determine disposition of IFU revision changes, as necessary.
Coordinates IFU implementation to ensure that all requirements and deadlines are met,
 including: translation, graphic design, documentation release, and vendor proof approvals.
Interfaces with print vendors and purchasing to ensure correct source files are delivered to
 vendor and proofs are ordered on a timely basis. Completes IFU proof approval process
 for first article using a red overlay.
Maintains current status of supplemental IFU matrix and releases in document control
 system.
Maintains consistent source file management and organization; archives history files as
 necessary.
Exercises planning and problem solving skills in various situations.
Mentors and trains other Technical Communication Specialists, as necessary.
Provides feedback on procedures and suggestions for continuous process improvements.
May assist with the rebranding project and label artwork using Adobe InDesign.
May be required to perform other duties as assigned.

 Job Requirements

Required Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree required
Minimum 5 years technical writing experiencing in the medical device industry, with

 familiarity of medical device labeling and harmonized standards, or  a minimum of 7 years
 general technical writing experience
Experienced with Adobe InDesign
ECO experience using sound revision control processes, preferably in a medical device
 environment
Strong communication and writing skills
Good interpersonal skills and the ability to perform effectively in a fast paced environment.
Excellent organizational and time management skills
Excellent problem solving skills
Ability to work with cross-functional project teams
Ability to coordinate multiple tasks, and manage priorities

Preferred Qualifications:

Background in a quality systems environment is a plus.
Experience with Adobe Creative Suite, WorldServer, MatrixOne, or Agile, is a plus.
Job Description

Ensenta is looking for a technical writer experienced in documenting both networking and
 software development. Ensenta is a leader in “software as a service” solutions for the
 financial services industry. We just won “Best Technology” and “Best Functionality” awards
 for our product. We let you make easy image-based deposits from your mobile phone, web
 banking or ATM. We have a small-company environment but our resellers are some of the
 top names in the industry. We are a growing and profitable company based in Silicon Valley.

Duties

Write internal-facing and external-facing business-oriented procedural documents.
Write external facing training materials
Document and diagram software and network project requirements and deliverables

This is a new position within a growing company (ensenta.com) with growth opportunities.
 Ensenta offers a company health plan, 401K, PTO, and a flexible work schedule. Salary is
 competitive based on experience, with annual salary reviews. Job is on-site in Redwood
 Shores, California. No recruiters please.

 Job Requirements

Requirements

Bachelor’s degree,
Minimum 4 years experience,
Excellent verbal and written communication skills,
Excellent Microsoft Project, Visio, Word and Excel skills,
Works well with highly technical staff,
Experience in financial services, banking, or credit unions desirable,
Permanent US work authorization.Job Description

Pay Type:  Annual
Clearance Required:  Desired

General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a
 world leader in proven, reliable Unmanned Aircraft Systems and tactical reconnaissance
 radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems.

We have an exciting opportunity for a Entry Level Technical Writer in our Technical
 Publications group.

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:

Technical writing duties include researching, documenting, and developing detailed
 procedures to include operator, maintenance, troubleshooting, fault isolation, checklists,
 technical specifications, field alert bulletins, training materials, and other procedures and
 reports
Utilize expertise with interactive electronic technical manuals (IETM) and the use of SGML,
 XML and an understanding of S1000D business rules
Work with Arbotext Epic Editor, Microsoft Office Suite, Visio, Adobe Illustrator, and other
 applications, to support desktop publishing
Develop technical data leveraged from source data, i.e. logistics management information
 (LMI) maintenance task analysis (MTA), engineering drawings, software description
 documents, test plans, design specifications/documentation, maintenance plans and
 design or engineering specifications within an integrated data environment (IDE) such as
 Windchill
Demonstrate ability to develop operational procedures and corrective maintenance and
 diagnostics (troubleshooting) procedures for Organizational (O-Level), Intermediate (I-
Level) and Depot (D-Level) and support and participate in IPRs and technical data
 Validation and/or Verification efforts as required
Support technical data tracking, versioning and life cycle within the company common
 source database (CSDB), maintain assigned project writing specifications; such as
 S1000D, MIL-STD-1808, MIL-PRF-83495 and others
Ensures documents are developed in accordance with program specifications; and properly
 collect and accumulate appropriate technical information and data through research and
 the analysis of technical data and publications, engineering drawings, test procedures,
 design specifications/documentation, software description documents, engineering
 documents and interviewing technical experts
Investigate and resolve problem areas and interface with various engineering, operations
 and maintenance personnel to document the technical solution .
Job Description

Aerohive Networks—the pioneer in controller-less Wi-Fi—reduces the cost and complexity of
 today's networks with cloud-enabled Wi-Fi and routing solutions for medium and large
 enterprise headquarters, branch offices and teleworkers. Aerohive’s award-winning
 cooperative control Wi-Fi architecture, public or private cloud-enabled network management,
 routing and VPN solutions eliminate costly controllers and single points of failure. This gives
 its customers mission critical reliability with granular security, policy enforcement and the
 ability to start small and expand without limitations.

Aerohive Networks is the right place to be and now is the right time to join us and be part of
 our spectacular growth and success. We're looking for the best and the brightest 'A' players
 who want to make a difference doing a job they love. Aerohive offers attractive compensation
 and excellent benefits. We even have a Fun Committee that supports various community
 causes.

We currently have an exciting opportunity for a dedicated, creative, senior-level technical
 writer with a solid understanding of the following network and wireless protocols and
 principles:

Wireless LAN: SSIDs, QoS, 802.11n, VoIP
Layer 2 switching: VLANs, STP, IGMP, and LLDP
Network technologies like IPv4 and IPv6, DHCP, DNS, PPPoE, IPsec VPNs
Authentication: RADIUS, Active Directory, LDAP, Open Directory, 802.1X/EAP
Basic dynamic routing protocols: BGP, OSPF, and RIP
Security: stateful firewalls, DoS prevention, rogue detection and mitigation

You will have to combine theoretical networking and wireless knowledge with hands-on testing
 of product features to produce excellent technical documentation and contribute to the design
 and development of the features you are documenting.

 Job Requirements

Responsibilities

Document Aerohive router, wireless access point, switch, and VPN concentrator products.
 Your writing must explain what Aerohive technology is, and why, when, and how to use its
 various features
Create new content and update existing content in configuration guides, online context-
sensitive Help systems, CLI Help, error messages, release notes, and QuickStarts, all
 created for customer consumption
Work primarily on site at our headquarters in Sunnyvale, California

Qualifications

BA in English or BS in Computer Science with several years of technical writing experience
Proficiency using Adobe FrameMaker, MadCap Flare, and Microsoft Word
Familiarity with Adobe InDesign, Illustrator, and Acrobat
Strong writing skills, solid command of English grammar and punctuation (Do you know the
 difference between gerund and infinitive phrases?), and an ability to adapt to our writing
 styles
The ability to create and/or update technical line illustrations using Illustrator is a plus.
Fearlessness and enthusiasm when learning new technologies
Please be prepared to provide writing samples if asked
Job description
The Construction Technical Writer creates construction proposals and estimates. There is a heavy
 emphasis on writing, editing and researching construction technical approaches, innovations and project
 management aspects to be included in proposals and other materials. Position responsibilities include:
 

Analyzing RFPs/RFQs
Compiling proposal outlines, compliance matrices and schedules
Researching and gathering information from a variety of data sources
Leading the proposal process to ensure all team members complete required assignments that
 reflect the strategic objectives of the proposal and ensuring compliance
Writing a variety of proposals (including presentation materials) for building construction projects,
 primarily for the heavy civil industry, procured in a variety of project delivery methods including
 design-build, construction manager/general contractor, and hard bid

Desired Skills and Experience
10 – 15 years construction management experience
3 – 5 years of technical writing experience
Bachelor’s Degree in Construction Management, Civil Engineering, or Architecture
Excellent technical writing and editing skills
Excellent knowledge and understanding of the construction management process
Ability to manage multiple assignments
Ability to work schedule flexibility to meet deadlines
Ability to travel to attend pre bid meetings and outreach events
 
Equal Opportunity Employer
Minority / Female / Disabled / Veteran

About this company

Follow company

The Walsh Group has practiced general building construction since its foundation in 1898 by Matthew
 Myles Walsh. Currently in its fourth generation of leadership, the firm has been a family held business
 since that time. Walsh Construction was incorporated in the State of Illinois in 1949; in order to facilitate
 national expansion efforts, The Walsh Group and additional subsidiary Archer Western were founded in
 1983. In 2010, The Walsh Group officially acquired California-based Heavy-Highway contractor R&L
 Brosamer. Each company has experience with a wide variety of building, civil, and transportation sectors
 including wastewater and water treatment plants, rapid transit, highway and bridgework, educational
 facilities, warehouse/distribution facilities, athletic facilities, correctional facilities, office, design-build, and
 more. The Walsh Group has invested over $450 Million in capital equipment and regularly employs over
 5,000 engineers and skilled tradesmen.Job description

At ACTIVE Network, we are building solutions for all types of activity organizations helping them
 automate, simplify, and grow their businesses. Our cloud technology powers business events and
 conferences, community programs, parks departments, local attractions, faith-based organizations,
 sports events, and outdoor activities. We deliver technology that changes the way the world gets active.

 But ACTIVE is more than a technology company. It’s a company of passionate people that live to be
 ACTIVE. We are inspired by our customers. We are fueled by challenge. As a member of the ACTIVE
 team, you must embrace our exciting work-hard, play-hard environment and bring your passion,
 dedication and creativity each and every day. ACTIVE’s team members are focused on results and
 committed to excellence. Together, we are making the world a more ACTIVE place.

 In this highly visible position reporting to the Senior Management of Sales Operations, you will
 coordinate the production of proactive winning proposals and responses to client and prospect requests
 (e.g., RFP, RFQ, RFI). You will assist in analyzing incoming requests; coordinating internal flow of
 information, resources and proposal inputs; and ensuring the integrity and compliance of all proposal
 documentation and submissions. This position requires an engagement in customer needs as well as a
 high level understanding of solution selling in a SaaS/Government Services environment. A positive,
 collegial attitude and high level of professionalism are essential for this position to coordinate internal
 processes and meet external facing requirements.

You will work with Sales and Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to develop, organize and update proposal
 materials. You will be responsible for:

Have responsibility for varied aspects of the proposal process: organizing responses from internal
 stakeholders.
Identifying needed information and gathering information from SMEs,
Tracking compliance reviews/checklists,
Scheduling all stages of delivery,
Contributing proposal sections using appropriate writing style consistent with organizational
 guidelines and value added selling; and producing final submission.
Create proposal outlines.
Coordinate with internal staff and partners/subcontractors.
Gather/write/copy/edit proposal materials to produce a winning and compliant sales document.
Manage the logistics behind proposal submission (e.g., compliance, printing, binding, delivery,
 etc.).
Edit proposal text provided by sales/technical staff; proof-read and perform all quality checks of
 proposals under tight time constraints.
Be responsible for hands-on desktop publishing, managing the production of draft and final text
 and graphics (including templates, headings, tables, charts, graphs) according to corporate and
 general style standards.
Develop an end to end plan for the proposal including required resources, assignments.
Maintain real-time status of each proposal’s assignments and development.
Manage and update logs and repository of past performance and boilerplate catalog.
Work with internal teams, as needed to gather information concerning potential upcoming
 requests
Participate with the Sales and Marketing teams to develop innovative approaches to communicate
 our product’s benefits and value propositions to public sector agencies.

Other duties may be assigned consistent with the objectives of the business.

Skills/Requirements 

Minimum of 5-10 years’ experience writing and coordinating proposals: in response to State
 and/or Federal RFPs in the U.S.; familiarity with Canadian government procurement a plus.
Bachelor’s degree in relevant field.
Working knowledge of SharePoint a plus.
Experience in software and services solutions strongly desired.
High degree of proficiency with advanced features of the Microsoft Office Suite (Word,
 PowerPoint, Excel) and Adobe Acrobat; knowledge of graphics software (Visio, Photoshop, etc.)
 and ability to produce creative document designs and layouts is an asset.
Extremely flexible schedule necessary to work the hours needed to meet non-negotiable
 deadlines without losing effectiveness or quality.

Important Requirements:

Strong oral and written communications skills; must be a good listener – major portion of collegial
 interactions must be accomplished successfully by phone.
Strong knowledge of internet and software technologies with ability to effectively communicate
 with technical subject matter experts and translate into non-technical material.
Requires an attitude for doing whatever work it takes to get the job done well.
Above average facilitation, organization and project management skills.
Analytical and decision-making skills.
Proactive nature with ability to solve problems.
Self-starter able to manage work independently and set high standards for work performance.
Able to effectively manage internal business relationships with a variety of subject matter experts
 and internal customers.
Close attention to quality and accuracy.
Must acquire familiarity with our public sector solutions and corporate organization and utilize this
 knowledge in preparing responses and gathering project data from internal sources.
Proven ability to coordinate multiple projects simultaneously; ability to multi-task with a high sense
 of urgency and attention to detail is essential.

Perks and Benefits: 

Great work environment and awesome co-workers.
Competitive compensation + benefits, including medical insurance and 401k with matching.
ACTIVEx, our award winning employee participation program, will help you grow personally and
 professionally.
Our ACTIVE Advantage program will help you save on activities, gear and travel.

 ACTIVE Network is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

About this company

At ACTIVE Network, we are building solutions for all types of activity organizations helping them
 automate, simplify and grow their businesses. Our cloud technology powers business events and
 conferences, community programs, parks departments, local attractions, faith-based organizations,
 sports events, and outdoor activities. We deliver technology that changes the way the world gets active.

But ACTIVE is more than a technology company. It’s a company of passionate people that live to be
 ACTIVE. We are inspired by our customers. We are fueled by challenge. As a member of the ACTIVE
 team, you must embrace our exciting work-hard, play-hard environment and bring your passion,
 dedication and creativity each and every day. ACTIVE’s team members are focused on results and
 committed to excellence. Together, we are making the world a more ACTIVE place.
Job description
 
 Senior Technical Writer
 
Description:
Design and create a variety of technical publications related to Genesys Telecommunications software.
 The successful candidate will understand and be adept at the roles and responsibilities associated with a
 senior technical writer in the software industry.  This candidate should also have some experience
 documenting APIs and working with SDKs, possibly having written code snippets and samples that
 illustrate their use.  He or she will work with Development, Quality Assurance, Technical Support,
 Professional Services, and Training Departments in a cross-functional, team environment to gather
 information, and then create and maintain high-quality technical documentation.  Preference will be
 given to candidates familiar with and interested in innovative strategies for technical content production
 and deployment.  The successful candidate should be based in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Responsibilities:
Acquire and organize basic source material for transformation and synthesis into customer-facing
 documentation that meets a high standard for accuracy and readability.
Work with Development, Quality Assurance, and Product/Project Management to ensure
 appropriate creation and timely deliverables to coincide with software product releases.
Work cooperatively with other technical writing staff to ensure appropriate coverage of several
 kinds of product releases.
Continually seek to improve existing documentation processes and content.
Maintain a high level of knowledge in the field of technical publications.
Achieve a high degree of product knowledge in order to produce quality materials.
Seek to provide innovation for the packaging and delivery of technical publications.
Follow corporate style guides to ensure a consistent look and feel for publications.
Requirements:
Significant experience writing technical publications for a technical audience.
Experience with professional technical writing tools and HTML to create and manage technical
 publications.
Experience documenting software APIs for a technical audience.
Excellent organization, communication, and interpersonal skills.
Familiarity with online content-delivery tools and platforms.
Significant experience in working with extremely complex technical solutions.
Desired experience includes familiarity with contact-center software, telecommunications
 technology and standards, network-based solutions, or other highly technical systems.

 
Genesys is a leading provider of multi-channel customer experience and contact center solutions. With
 over 3,500 customers in 80 countries, Genesys orchestrates more than 100 million customer interactions
 every day across the contact center and back office. Genesys helps customers power optimal customer
 experiences that deliver consistent, seamless and personalized experiences across all touchpoints,
 channels and interactions.DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:

 

Work with the Publications Team on revisions of manuals, handbooks, and guides.

 

Prepare updates and revisions based on Southwest Airlines policies and procedures, as well as changes received from Boeing.

 

Interact with other departments that publish manuals to verify the manuals agree with other Southwest Airlines references.

 

Assist Publications Specialists and Technical Writers with special projects.

 
Qualifications:

 

Basic Qualifications:

 

High School Diploma, GED or equivalent education required.

 

Must be at least 18 years of age.

 

Must have authorization to work in the United States as defined by the Immigration Reform Act of 1986.

 

EDUCATION:

 

Major in Communications, Journalism, Technical Writing, or English required.

 

Interest in Technical Writing is required.

 

Minimum sophomore level.

 

To be eligible must be currently enrolled as a full time student (minimum 12 credit hours).

 

Maintained 2.5 or above cumulative GPA.

 

Experience Preferred:

 

General Interest in Aviation field a plus.

 

Proficient with Microsoft Office Applications, specifically Word and PowerPoint.

 

Experience with Adobe Acrobat preferred.

 

Web design/Framemaker background is a plus.

 

Experience in XML is preferred.

 

Experience in technical writing preferred.

 

Skills/Abilities/Knowledge/Work Style:

 

Excellent written communication skills required.

 

Ability to work independently.

 

Interest and aptitude for technical writing.

 

Please be prepared to provide the following information (if requested):

 

Resume.

 

Unofficial transcript.

 

ìWhy Southwest Airlinesî essay (Length determined by author.)

 

Letters of Recommendation.

 

Two writing samples- published or un-published.

 

Time Commitment:

 

Full Time- 40 hours per week.

 

This position may require travel.

 

PAY:

 

$12.00 hourly + flight privileges

 

This internship is located in Dallas, Texas at the Southwest Airlines Headquarters building.Job description
Technical Writer | Information Services (56241)

THIS POSITION IS ONSITE ONLY IN PLANO, TEXAS

CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers manage and secure complex IT
 environments to support agile business services. Organizations of all sizes leverage CA Technologies
 software and SaaS solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and secure data and
 identities, from the data center to the cloud.

Job Overview
This position is responsible to design, create, and modify technical information products, communicate
 with technical staff, and use the products they document. Deliverables must be appropriate for the
 intended audience and follow Information Services standards. Typically works closely with other
 Information Services engineers and managers, cross-functional teams, and other internal and external
 stakeholders.

Key Responsibilities
• Analyze information needs for projects and help define requirements.
• Research, report on, evaluate, develop, and implement industry status and trends in standards,
 processes, and tools, and make use of them in delivered solutions.
• Author and deliver information requirements.
• Collaborate with senior staff to identify tasks and responsibilities.
• Consistently author accurate content compliant with standards.
• Review, assign, and resolve defects and enhancement requests in appropriate defect tracking tools.
• Provide feedback on product design, features, and functionality, as well as Information Services tools
 and processes
• Use customer feedback and rating data to drive content, process, delivery, or accessibility
 improvement.
• Monitor and respond to customers through social media and other environments.
• Align content to use cases/user stories and established roles.
• Participate as a key member of the assigned engineering Agile scrum teams to ensure required
 customer technical content is written, reviewed, and published.
• Collaborate with other internal and external authors to make relevant content accessible to internal and
 external stakeholders.
• Establish, monitor, measure, and report on information standards and quality.

Typical Role Definition
Professional Staff. An intermediate-level professional role. Some evaluation, originality or ingenuity
 required to perform tasks. Knows and applies the fundamental concepts, practices, and procedures of a
 particular field.

Preferred Education
Bachelor's Degree or global equivalent in Technical Writing, English or a related field.

Work Experience
Typically 2 or more years of experience in Technical Publications.

Skills & Competencies
• Author and edit deliverables for online distribution.
• Author content for a global audience.
• Restructure an existing documentation set to improve usability.
• Perform independent research to understand the product.
• Set priorities and escalate issues appropriately.
• Communicate clearly and effectively with Information Services and cross-functional product teams.
• Experience documenting software expected, with knowledge of Enterprise software development a
 plus. 
• Familiarity with multiple operating systems, programming concepts, and source control helpful. 
• Knowledge of Mainframe systems a plus.
• Familiarity with Agile/SCRUM methodologies. 
• Handle changes in priority of work-in-progress smoothly.
• Make and track progress on more than one concurrent project.

If you want to fulfill your potential, be acknowledged for your achievements, and be given autonomy to
 make decisions for your business and customers; if you want to work with a company that respects you
 as an individual - recognizing both your needs at work and your responsibilities outside of it - then CA
 Technologies is where you belong.

We offer competitive salary, company-sponsored premium Medical/Prescription & Dental Plans,
 company-paid Holidays, Vacation, Personal, Anniversary Service and Sick Days, 401(k) Plan,
 Education/Training Reimbursement, Charitable Gift Program, Adoption Assistance Program.

At CA Technologies your passion and expertise can directly impact the business and you’ll help offer our
 customers practical approaches to delivering new, innovative services and value through IT.

Learn more about CA Technologies and this opportunity now at http://ca.com/careers

CA Technologies and all of its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. As such, it is our corporate
 policy to fill positions with qualified candidates regardless of the candidate’s race, color, sex, age,
 religion, ancestry, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity,
 genetic information, disability, pregnancy, military status, veteran status or any other protected group
 status.

EOE/Min/Women/Veterans/Disabled

About this company

CA Technologies (NASDAQ: CA) helps customers succeed in a future where every business— from
 apparel to energy— is being rewritten by software. With CA software at the center of their IT strategy,
 organizations can leverage the technology that changes the way we live— from the data center to the
 mobile device.<br><br>Our software and solutions help our customers thrive in the new application
 economy by delivering the means to deploy, monitor and secure their applications and infrastructure.
 Our goal is to help organizations develop applications and experiences that excite and engage and, in
 turn, open up money-making opportunities for their businesses.<br><br>For additional information, visit
 CA Technologies at www.ca.com. Follow CA Technologies on Twitter at www.twitter.com/cainc or
 www.twitter.com/ca_careers.Job description
Company Description

An international supplier of professional-grade avionics system solutions for commercial and military
 aircraft. With a long history of excellence in satellite guidance and navigation systems, we offer a high
 criticality avionics solutions that enhance operational safety and mission success for our customers. Our
 customers entrust us with their critical navigation needs by installing our systems on multiple platforms
 primarily in the air transport, business, and military aviation communities.

Job Description

A Technical Writer that can assist in the creation / development, release and maintenance of our
 technical documents including Installation Manuals, Pilot Guides, User Guides, Maintenance Manuals,
 etc.

You should have good familiarity with MS Word, Visio and some graphics/illustrations software.

Good writing skills is a must. Please submit samples of past work with resume.

About this company

Supplier of advanced aircraft navigation solutions for both civilian and military applications. Focus areas
 include GPS, Galileo, WAAS and EGNOS positioning equipment, ADS-B transmitters and receivers,
 radar altimeters, full navigation management solutions including RNP and LPV systems, as well as
 aircraft data servers and crash-hardened memory systems.
Technical Writer – Senior 

Location: Savannah, GA
Salary: $34/Hour USD
Per Diem: $110/Wk
Split Rate: $1176/Wk (i.e. the first $1176 per week is not taxable)
Contract Duration: 1 Year + (up to 4 years)

Contact the job poster
Reach out for more information or to follow up
 on your application.

Position Purpose:
Responsible (either individually or with other team members) for the writing of major portions of technical
 publications. Supports the complete workflow process to ensure successful completion of each revision
 cycle and distribution of technical publications. Complies with established quality processes to ensure
 accuracy, ease of use and timely delivery of each revision cycle content.

Unique Skills:
• Understanding of and practical experience with Simplified Technical English, Spec ASD-STE100 
• Experience and working knowledge of aircraft inspection programs, aviation regulations, aircraft system
 content organization and OEM technical manuals development preferred 
• Experience with ENOVIA SmarTeam or similar Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) database
 products Experience with S1000D specification, data module codes, XML authoring software and model
 base design engineering

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
1. Write technical publications content as directed 
2. Conduct reviews and analyze technical documents to gain a thorough understanding of how complex
 systems operate and how they are to be integrated into technical manuals to provide the end user with
 the level of text and graphics to support the efficient return to service of the aircraft system 
3. Consult with internal, external customers and Engineering to create/revise technical manuals to
 support the department/corporate operating priorities 
4. Provide input to management on new processes or technology for integration into the technical
 publications business model 
5. Assist in developing solutions for overcoming the technology/technical issues introduced by outside
 suppliers for incorporation into existing manuals. 
6. Work with management, other departments, and team members in the development of specific project
 data 
7. Provide liaison with Completion Center, Technical Operations, Production and/or Completion
 Engineering, Service Center to obtain the necessary approval for technical information prior to its
 release to customers. 
8. Participate with publications team to ensure all internal department workflows and business processes
 are followed for issues relating to producing and delivering technical publications and associated
 Computerized Maintenance Program (CMP) data 
9. Work with internal/external customers in the development of specific project requirements of source
 data to ensure a seamless incorporation of new data in the publications environment

Other Requirements:
1. At least three (3) years of Standard Graphic Markup Language (SGML) or SGML-related software
 applications 
2. Strong technical writing and communication skills are required 
3. Ability to read and interpret blueprint and Engineering Orders 
4. Must have a thorough knowledge of aircraft tools, test equipment, vendor coding, parts nomenclature,
 maintenance procedures, and of aircraft equipment and maintenance

Experience/Education:
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience in the authoring of technical publications. Four (4) years of
 Technical Publications writing experience. Advanced knowledge of all aircraft systems methodology.

To both clients and candidates in technical industries, Can-Tech is the go-to human resource solutions
 provider that connects the right people with the right opportunities. We specialize in the aerospace,
 automotive, manufacturing, and IT industries. 

Only Can-Tech has a 30-year track record of getting it right, by approaching each assignment with
 unmatched creativity, industry knowledge and passion.
Job description
Standard Job Description:
Researches and writes technical content supporting specialized military equipment, integrated systems
 and subsystems, IT equipment and software. Edits and updates existing technical content in a fast-
paced fluid environment of engineering changes.
Specific Job Description:
Writes and/or edits technical documents to support the production of Interactive Electronic Technical
 Manuals (IETMs) for the AN/BVY-1 Integrated Submarine Imaging System (ISIS), Photonics Mast,
 periscopes, AN/BLQ-10 ESM System, and other submarine electronics systems. Develops technical
 descriptions, procedures, diagrams, operational specifications, and related technical information.
 Provides clear and effective communication through technical documentation to a wide range of
 audiences. Responsible for capturing and documenting operational and maintenance related information
 to support the introduction of new technology to the US Navy submarine fleet.
Job Location: Manassas, Virginia
 Contract Terms: 40 hours/week, onsite
 Start Date: Immediate
 Rate: Negotiable
Desired Skills and Experience
The following skills are required:

1.  Ability to write technical content for procedure manuals, service manuals, and related technical
 publications that describes the installation, operation, and maintenance of electronic, electrical,
 mechanical, and other equipment.
2.  Ability to write using clear and concise language that adheres to customer-established standards
 and conventions. Knowledge of the English language, grammar, usage and composition.
3.  Ability to acquire and verify subject matter content by interviewing workers engaged in developing
 products and services, observing production methods, referring to blueprints, sketches,
 engineering drawings, notes, manuals, and similar publications.
4.  Ability to define required graphics, photographs, tables, figures, and engineering drawings and/or
 create graphic materials using basic photography and graphic applications such as PowerPoint
 and Photoshop.
5.  Must have hands-on experience operating or maintaining AN/BLQ-10 or ISIS, Submarine
 Electronics Warfare systems.

The following skills are highly desirable:

1.  Experience entering content using HTML, XML, and content management systems.
2.  Knowledge and familiarity of S1000D technical documentation standards.
3.  Familiarity with MS Office Suite.
4.  Experience performing system operation and maintenance on US Navy submarine electronics
 systems or submarine electronics warfare systems.

Additional requirements:

1.  Bachelor’s degree in related discipline or equivalent experience
2.  Candidates must be U.S. citizens able to obtain a Secret level security clearance.

About this company

Gromelski & Associates, Inc. is a small woman owned business with top secret clearance.  Over that past
 twenty-five years, we provided services for major corporations and large government agencies including
 the Social Security Administration, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Global Knowledge Network, Digital
 Equipment Corporation, Nextel Communications, Network Associates, Oracle Corporation, Department
 of Education, ExecuTrain Corporation, Federal Computer Corporation, U.S. Navy, and State of
 Louisiana.  Our services include but are not limited to (1) technical support desk (help desk), (2) training
 development and delivery, desktop simulation, computer based training, Interactive Electronic Technical
 Manuals (IETM), (3) system engineering and administration, and (4) network administration,
 management, installation, integration, operations, security, and maintenance.
For Lockheed Martin Corporation, we operate the Defense Messaging System (DMS) helpdesk and
 provide DMS system engineering and training.  In addition, we support the Pentagon
 Telecommunications Center (PTC) contract with help desk and system engineering services. Currently,
 we develop and deliver instructor led training, electronic documentation (IETM), multimedia applications,
 computer based training (CBT), and desktop simulation for submarine combat systems on the Acoustic
 Rapid COTS Insertion (ARCI) and the Integrated Submarine Imaging System (ISIS) programs. 
 Recently, Lockheed Martin Corporation awarded our company with the STAR award in recognition of our
 ability to meet quality and service requirements. We have a long successful history with Lockheed Martin
 Corporation.Job description
Opportunity:
Digi International is seeking technical writing talent for our XBee and Device Cloud product lines. Our
 XBee products serve many industries worldwide, from medical to transportation to telecom. Device
 Cloud by Etherios provides all the tools to connect and manage wireless gateways, XBee modules and
 other devices in a connected, Machine-to-Machine (M2M) environment.
Join a dynamic team that is developing next generation technical content. As a Technical Writer at Digi,
 you'll work in a high-performing and supportive environment that provides the opportunity to develop an
 interesting and fulfilling career path.
We are seeking a skilled Technical Writer who loves working with complex technical systems and is
 comfortable working in a fast paced, deadline-driven engineering environment. The position is
 accountable for the timely and effective development of technical user manuals for our wide variety of
 products.
 
Key Job Responsibilities:
 

Acquire and review technical source material such as product specifications, and develop an
 understanding of the products involved.
Fulfill roles as both a dedicated member of a company-wide documentation team and an
 integrated member of an engineering team that uses an “agile” development process.
Work closely with engineering team members to provide design feedback and develop product
 documentation.
Identify the audience, user environment and tasks to be addressed in manuals.
Plan and track documentation projects and deliver assignments on schedule.

Desired Skills and Experience
Primary Requirements:
 

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, English or related field.
At least five years of technical writing or other relevant experience.
Intermediate to advanced Frame Maker, Adobe Creative Suite, and Illustrator skills.
Experience working in the DITA framework is a plus.
Basic understanding of HTML and XML.
Experience working with developers to advocate for the user experience and know how to
 represent documentation requirements during product design and implementation.
Should have strong command of English language, and the ability to self-edit.
Possess clear writing style and superb content organization skills.
Ability to manage writing tasks for multiple, overlapping product releases and deliver on schedule
 without compromising quality.
Possess good technical aptitude to learn new features, products and solutions quickly.


Digi International is the M2M expert, combining products and services as end-to-end solutions to drive
 business efficiencies. Digi provides the industry’s broadest range of wireless products, a cloud
 computing platform tailored for devices and development services to help customers get to market fast
 with wireless devices and applications. Digi’s entire solution set is tailored to allow any device to
 communicate with any application, anywhere in the world. For more information, visit Digi's website at
 www.digi.com.Job Description

Technical Writer-Warsaw, IN area 1 year++ contract to start

Education/Experience
to 5 years work experience with Bachelors degree in a scientific or engineering field or 1 to 3 years with
 a Masters degree.

Relevant experience working in a medical device or other regulated environment/industry.

Experience working in a matrix organization.

Ability to establish relationships quickly with a broad range of constituents.

Must possess a collaborative style to work effectively throughout the organization.

Technical proficiency in Adobe Pro, XML. MS Project, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, Visio.

Establish and manage relationships from document to document, within document content, or to other
 points of reference for product information.

Revise manuals for legacy devices and develop manuals for new devices.

Work with employees from various departments (e.g., Research and Development, Sales, Clinical
 Education, Quality, Regulatory, Marketing, etc.) to identify the technical information to be conveyed to
 internal and external customers.

Manage reviews of manuals with multiple functions.

Explain scientific and technical ideas in simple language

Broad knowledge of the musculoskeletal industry landscape.

Knowledge of or ability to quickly learn the Companys product portfolio and processes.

About this company

We provide technical staffing services to clients around the country, offering all types of engineers,
 designers, computer programmers, project managers and other professionals. Our reputation for
 consistent quality, service and responsiveness to our clients continues to generate growth. We are now
 one of the fastest growing contract engineering firms in the United States.Job description
Helmer Scientific, a leading manufacturer and distributor of laboratory and refrigerated storage products
 located in Noblesville, IN, is currently seeking a Technical Writer.
Quality user documentation is essential to the success of our customers and our company.  The
 Technical Writer provides support for new and existing Helmer Scientific product lines by developing and
 writing manuals, user guides, technical data specifications, technical reports, validation documentation,
 quick references and other content to help laboratory clinicians, researchers, and others optimize the
 use of our products.  The technical writer is passionate about clear and concise scientific
 communication, experienced at gathering information, and detail-oriented.  The technical writer will be
 responsible for coordinating the display of content, graphics, photos/illustrations, and the production of
 the document.  The technical writer will work with internal and external partners to obtain consensus and
 approvals per established procedures.
Primary Responsibilities:

Promotes Helmer Scientific values as reflected in personal productivity and quality of work;
 maintains positive internal/external relationships; seeks and considers diverse perspectives; is
 committed to individual development and achievement of company goals/objectives.
Develop high-quality scientific/technical documentation for end users for existing and new product
 lines from information and data provided by R&D engineers, product managers, and other key
 business team members. (e.g., manuals, user guides, service kit instructions, validation
 documentation)

Synthesize and organize information in a logical and concise way that meets the needs of
 the target audience.
Proactively solicit information from other experts within the company as needed (e.g.
 technical support, product managers, R&D).
Attend product development and other team meetings and interact with subject experts on
 a daily basis.
Work with multiple authoring tools, including Word, InDesign, and Illustrator.
Manage documents within a document control system
Critically assess engineering change notices and gain agreement across multiple
 departments (e.g., technical support, R&D, and marketing) regarding proposed changes to
 existing documents.
Follow all processes, style guides, templates, and brand guidelines.
Identify and communicate risks to project deadlines in advance.

Provide ongoing quality improvement and accuracy in technical documentation.

Identify and suggest improvements to processes and deliverables.
Solicit and incorporate feedback from internal and external customers to improve document
 quality.

Generate general technical and communication documents including technical bulletins.
Product documentation and support to Key Customers
Develop training materials for sales and marketing relative to new and existing products.
Other duties/responsibilities as assigned.

Desired Skills and Experience
Requirements: Relative Work Experience:  3-5 years technical writing experience preferred. Education: 

 Bachelor’s degree in Technical Communication, Engineering/Engineering Technology or related field. 
 Scientific discipline is a plus. Computer Systems / Software:  Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite; Adobe
 Creative Suite knowledge/experience required. Key Competencies:

Ability to manage multiple projects with multiple deliverable simultaneously.
Ability to write and/or edit clearly, concisely, and quickly under tight deadlines.
Thorough understanding of technical/scientific content, grammar, and punctuation.
Excellent communication and proofreading skills.
Superior attention to detail and consistency and high regard for quality.
Ability to comprehend and synthesize data concisely and analytically.
Ability to effectively adapt structure, tone, and style to meet needs of business.
Strong relationship management, project management, and critical thinking skills.
Advanced knowledge of relevant style guide(s) and best practices.
Professional demeanor and ability to work in cross-functional teams.
Strong personal initiative and ability to work independently.
Ability to effectively express ideas and information that is appropriate to both the complexity of the
 topic and the knowledge and understanding of the target audience.

Helmer provides a competitive salary, 401(k), group medical/dental/vision/life insurance coverage and
 educational assistance.  Our culture is reflective of our core values, providing a positive team
 environment where all employees have the opportunity to fulfill their potential while performing
 meaningful and rewarding work. We are committed to serving our customers, team members, and the
 world community with our fullest capabilities every day, in everything we do.   To learn more about
 Helmer, visit our website at www.helmerinc.com.

About this company

Established in 1977 to serve the life science industry, Helmer is a manufacturer and worldwide distributor
 of high quality laboratory equipment and refrigerated product. Our headquarters are located in
 Noblesville, Indiana, where we exclusively m.anufacture Helmer Refrigerators, Freezers, Platelet
 Storage, and Plasma Thawing Systems. Our products are available direct in the U.S. and Canada, as
 well as through international distributors worldwide.

Helmer exists as a business to profitably demonstrate that:

Every individual is inherently valuable.
 Service is a way of living.
 Healthy relationships are everything.
 Together we can make a difference.
 We are to wisely use all we are and have.
 A good name is more valuable than gold.
 We were made to celebrate.
 Unrestrained ingenuity is dangerously effective.Job description
Hensel Phelps, a nationally recognized Facility Life Solution provider is hiring a Technical Writer in
 Denver, Colorado.
Reporting directly to the Executive Director of Business Development and Marketing, the technical writer
 will optimize previously written communications and support business development and operations
 activities as assigned. As the Technical Writer, you will improve on current content, as well as develop
 new content with the input of subject-matter experts on the business development and operations teams.
 Your content will need to be highly organized to meet our client requirements and specifications
 regarding order, clarity, brevity, style, and terminology. The Technical Writer will also edit material and
 standardized content as needed to meet end-user requirements. You must be flexible with your schedule
 (occasional evening/weekends) to meet deliverable deadlines.
Proactively support the assigned group on technical reports, consultancy reports, communications
 collateral, and other related marketing/sales activities as required.

 The Technical Writer will be an integral part of the team that is responsible for the capture, development,
 and production of proposals, technical reports, and marketing materials, working in a virtual
 environment.  Qualifications should include:

Ability to effectively manage deliverable development from inception to delivery

Ability to work in a high-energy team environment

Ability to review and rewrite deliverable inputs (Red Team)

Ability to thrive in a deadline-oriented environment

Desired Skills and Experience
Required Skill Set:
Excellent command of the English language, both written and oral.
Attention to detail. Proofreading skill a plus. Visual layout skill a plus.
Ability to describe technical concepts and present them in a clear, professional, and concise
 manner in both oral and written forms.
Ability to break down technical topics for consumption by users who are not technically savvy.
Experience in writing technical reports and executive summaries.
Experience in writing training documentation for technical staff.
Ability to rapidly assimilate and adapt materials for new technologies.
Microsoft Office 365, Adobe Creative Suite - advanced knowledge and capabilities.
Experience in marketing and advertising technology products is a big plus.
Specific technical content writing experience includes use cases, technical training materials, and
 other documentations.
Clear, succinct, and engaging writer that understands how to tailor information for the target
 audience.

Excellent writing, grammar, spelling, and formatting skills. 
Heavy involvement in creating technical content.

Qualifications

Excellent analytical and communications skills, a team player and leader, with high energy and initiative,
 and a basic understanding of technical processes. Requires organizational skills with attention to detail,
 experience writing in a conversational yet professional tone and style. Ability to function independently in
 a fast-paced working environment to produce publication-quality first drafts and who can effectively
 manage their own workload with minimal supervision.
 

Bachelor's degree in writing, marketing, engineering, communications, business, or related
 field

Exceptional writing skills
This position requires a minimum 7-10 years of recent relevant working experience 
Previous experience in facilities management, real estate, construction, or professional
 engineering industries is a must

Excellent writing and communications skills

Advanced proficiency in all MS Suite and Adobe CC Suite  
Send your resume, together with a variety of technical writing samples (use cases, technical
 documentation, etc.), and explain why you’d make a great addition to our team.
Please: NO third-party recruiters or consultants.

About this company

Everything we do depends on people - from ideas to building relationships. As an employee-owned
 company, Hensel Phelps culture is based on dedication and commitment to achieving Performance for
 our clients and employees. Established in 1937, this year we celebrate our 77th year in the construction
 industry as a direct result of the performance of our people who focus on providing clients a higher level
 of service. Every project is approached with the goal of providing top performance, which is ultimately
 measured by gaining repeat work with clients which span generations. While Hensel Phelps has become
 a leader in innovation and technology to gain increased efficiency, technology will never replace these
 core values of our People. Hensel Phelps has the capability of delivering projects in all market sectors
 and all delivery methods across the country and internationally. To learn more about Hensel Phelps and
 how we may be of service to you, please visit our website at www.henselphelps.com.

Job description
Listing Info

Technical Writer Location:
Dallas, TX Job Code:
7 # of Openings:
1 Description

About ISC8

Become part a team dedicated to solving the critical security problems confronting today's enterprise and
 government networks. ISC8 is led by a team of visionaries in network engineering, cyber security and
 software development determined to find better solutions for securing mission critical systems and
 corporate assets.

Overview

Writes, rewrites and/or edits technical documents such as technical procedure manuals, user manuals,
 programming manuals, service manuals, operational specifications, and related technical publications to
 communicate clearly and effectively technical specifications and instructions to a wide range of
 audiences, including technical and business audiences.

Acquires subject knowledge by interviewing product developers, observing performance of production
 methods, referring to technical specifications, blueprints, engineering illustrations, and trade journals.

Oversees preparation of illustrative materials, selecting drawings, sketches, diagrams and charts.
 Conducts quality review of materials.

Experience creating high level technical/process documentation and presentations for audiences at
 various levels.

Experience creating documentation in Microsoft Word to include version management, creating tables of
 contents, headers/footers, format tables, referential figures, develop and format tables. Experience
 creating high level deliverables using MS Office software suite (Visio, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint).
 Experience with the Adobe suite of products, including Illustrator and/or similar advanced media
 software products.

Experience writing/editing technical, business, and process documentation in an Information
 Technology/Engineering environment.

Preferred Skills
Experience writing/editing technical, business, and process documentation in a software
 development and/or Cyber Security environment.
Have an understanding of software development and systems engineering methodologies (spiral,
 prototyping, Agile, Scrum, etc.). Have an understanding of network (LAN/WAN) technology and
 networking systems. Having an understanding of network security products would be a plus.
Prepares operation and maintenance manuals and technical publications.
Gathers technical information, prepares written text, and coordinates layout and manual
 organization.
Researches available engineering information such as drawings, design reports, equipment, and
 test specifications.
May also interview engineers and other technical personnel.
Writes individualized copy of analytical, interpretive, documentary, or promotional literature.
Developing Webpages for technical content and layout would be a plus.
Requires working knowledge of customer requirements, various company products, purpose and
 structure of a document, and user's level of understanding
Preparing and maintaining documentation pertaining to the program's software and systems
 applications, configuration, testing, and user documentation
Translating and maintaining business specifications into formal user-documents
Planning, writing, and updating all additional systems and user-support documents
Consolidating technical input and analyses to create a logical, understandable report for non-
technical audiences

Qualifications
Bachelors degree in related field (or equivalent work experience)
5 years of related experience

Desired Skills & Abilities
Prior software and engineering experience would be a plus

About this company

ISC8 is a visionary in the world of look-alike security companies. Our singular focus is to deliver the most
 comprehensive cyber security solutions available to address Advanced Persistent Threats and
 sophisticated malware.. Our situationally aware security products let you see everything happening on
 your mission-critical networks. ISC8's new breed of security products don’t force you to rely on
 signatures that catch less than 22 percent of all advanced threats, we deliver real visibility in real time at
 speeds up to 100 Gbs. These products are designed to solve the toughest challenges government,
 defense, and business face including the human or 8th layer, a problem that until now has gone virtually
 unaddressed.Job description
JWT Dallasseeks an experienced technical writer to assist with the creation of technical specifications for
 an enterprise wide system. The Technical Writer develops consistent and accurate technical
 documentation for technical and non-technical end users.
Duties:
Create a variety of technical documentation including but not limited to technical requirements,
 architectural diagrams, application level interactions and user guides to support security
 accreditation

Develop and maintain concise highly organized documentation

Translate abstract concepts into actionable and definable terms

Work with multiple teams and disciplines to develop enterprise wide technical system
 specifications

Understands and analyzes business processes and workflows with the objective of process
 documentation and/or providing recommendations for process improvement.

Demonstrates a strong web site technical understanding.

Demonstrates proven experience in a variety of analysis and requirements gathering techniques
 (e.g. workshops, work sessions, interviews, research, etc.)

Can successfully plan, organize, and conduct stakeholder workshops.

Produces and owns various artifacts and supporting project documentation to ensure that internal
 and external client comprehends the project, including:

Project features and related information

Functional, Technical and related supplemental requirements

Use case documentation and actor diagrams

Business rule identification and documentation

Activity diagrams and/or process flows

Project scope documents

Desired Skills and Experience
Knowledge, Talent & Skills
 

Outstanding oral and written communication skills with both technical and non-technical audience

Exceptional organization skills and attention to detail.

Proven work experience capturing IT requirements.

 Handles multiple tasks simultaneously.

Proficiency with technical writing using Word, PowerPoint, and Visio.

3-6 years of experience in the requirement management process including: gathering,
 documenting, and validation of project requirements and supporting information.

Ability to work in a dynamic advertising agency.

Familiarity with DoDAF 2.0, not required but a plus.

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent, preferably in a business, IT or related field.

About this company

JWT is the world's best-known marketing communications brand that has been inventing pioneering
 ideas for the past 150 years.  Headquartered in New York, JWT is a true global network with more than
 200 offices in over 90 countries, employing nearly 10,000 marketing professionals.

 JWT consistently ranks among the top agency networks in the world and continues a dominant presence
 in the industry by staying on the leading edge -- from producing the first-ever TV commercial in 1939 to
 developing award-winning branded content today.
 We are committed to attracting new talent to keep us at the top of our business.  If you are looking to be
 part of a culture of excellence, we invite you to explore this career opportunity and learn more about our
 organization at www.jwt.com

Blog:  www.jwt.com/blog/
 Follow us: @JWT_Worldwide
 Like us:  https//www.facebook.com/JWTWorldwide
 LinkedIn:  https://linkedin.com/company/2529/careers
 AdAge Lookbook:  http//lookbook.adage.com/Agencies/JWT

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for
 employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status,
 protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Job description
Job Description
This position will be a technical writer responsible for authoring the F-35 Site and Ship Activation
 Management Plan, Facility Requirements Document and various trip and status reports.

 The candidate will also provide subject matter expertise to analyze and evaluate equipment technical
 documentation approaches, methodology, techniques, and products to help ensure their effectiveness
 and efficiency.

Basic Qualifications
- Highly proficient in MS Office Suite tools 

- Ability to establish and implement quality assurance procedures and records 

- Strong interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills 

- Strategic mindset 

- Some experience in technical writing 

- Ability to learn new software tools and processes 

- Ability to work across functional (division) areas 

- Works well in team environment or can work alone with minimal supervision

Desired skills
- Technical publication development and revision, including troubleshooting and corrective maintenance
 development, and quality assurance review

- Tablet documentation development and delivery experience

-Data library configuration control

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will
 receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin,
 age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Job description
Listing Info

PDS Tech is currently seeking a Technical Writer for an open position in
Eden Prairie, MN.

Responsibilities include: researching, developing, planning, and writing/editing hardcopy and
 online technical documentation and working with team leads and managers to complete specific
 projects for various lines of business within client company.

Principal Accountabilities

Work with Program and Product Managers to document processes
Research and develop content for technical publications.
Write and edit hardcopy and online documents; chair document review sessions with external
 stakeholders and obtains approvals.
Ensure all documents are technically and mechanically accurate.
Collaborate with department team members and with engineering, marketing, service, legal, and
 others to develop content for standard documentation sets and special initiatives.
Create and manage document schedules.
Develop, document, and maintain processes.
May mentor less-experienced coworkers.
May lead department project teams.
May perform as product line lead within the department.

Knowledge And Skills

Having wide-range experience, uses professional concepts and company objectives to
 resolve extremely complex issues in creative and effective ways.
Demonstrates expert technical wiring and/or editing skills and subject matter expertise.
Demonstrates high level of drive for quality and understanding of impact of quality on the
 customer experience.
Exhibits an expert knowledge of processes, format, style, tools, and strategy.
Understands goals and strategies necessary for achieving high standards while still
 meeting deadlines and keeping costs down.
Performs as a project lead and documentation architect within the department.
Exercises leadership and understands and exhibits teaming abilities.
Exhibits expert knowledge of grammar, spelling, and punctuation.
Exhibits expert interpersonal skills.
Promotes a positive attitude and fosters positive relations within and outside the
 organization.
Has a thorough understanding of computer technology (internal components/hardware).
Demonstrates a high level of productivity and quality while working on several major
 projects.
Multi-tasks effectively and efficiently.
Detail oriented.
Develops working relationships with peers outside of the department.

PDS Tech, Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer -

 Minorities/Female/Disabled/Veteran (EOE M/F/D/V)

Benefits

Founded in 1977, PDS Tech, Inc. is one of the nation's premier specialty staffing firms with 31
 offices nationwide. We offer a full range of benefits including:
Health insurance
Paid holidays
Weekly payroll
Immediate 401(k) eligibility
Completion bonuses
Training 
Please note availability of benefits may vary by position.

PDS specializes in Engineering and IT arenas including Aerospace, Defense, Electronics,
 Telecommunications, Automotive, and Energy just to name a few. Our reputation, track
 record, and years of continuous growth reflect the commitment to quality that our
 employees and clients experience first-hand. For more information about PDS, please
 check our website, www.pdstech.com

$$$ PDS pays for referrals! $$$

We pay thousands each month in referral bonuses!
Contact a recruiter for details.
To find a branch near you, look at our Branch Locator

This position may require you to submit to and pass a drug test and/or background
 check. If this is a hands-on position, you may also be required to pass a safety and
 productivity examination. PDS Tech, Inc. will comply with all applicable federal and state
 laws governing the use of such background checks and drug tests.

About this company

PDS Tech, Inc., formerly known as PDS Technical Services, Inc., is one of the largest staffing and HR
 solutions companies in the United States. PDS Tech provides comprehensive staffing services and
 engineering and IT solutions to the aerospace, defense, telecom, infrastructure, energy, food, insurance
 and other major industries. PDS Tech prides itself on quickly and efficiently “connecting the right people
 to the right jobs.” SM It is known among its contract employees for providing superior benefits and easy
 to use paperless solutions. PDS Tech operates through five subsidiary companies: PDS Engineering,
 PDS Information Services, PDS Maritime, PDS Aviation and PDS Direct. While it has diversified since its
 founding in 1977, PDS Tech has its roots in aerospace and defense and for 2008 was the 4th largest
 engineering staffing company in the United States. Through PDS Direct, PDS Tech provides VMS and
 managed service outsourcing solutions to Fortune 1000 companies. For more information visit us at
 www.pdstech.com or call (800) 270-4737.Job Description

We are looking for someone for our Wireless side of the business. Someone who is familiar with
 graphical interfaces, controlling microcontrollers. Documenting hardware and describing user interfaces.

BROAD FUNCTION: Technical writer. The primary responsibility of the Technical Writer will be to help
 create, edit, and organize useful, accurate, and compelling technical information and web content in
 support of the many exciting software/hardware initiatives and product lines emerging from the
 companys Wireless Groups. (Areas of focus will include, but may not be limited to, Integrated Radio (IR)
 product line, Cellular Machines product family, and Control Solutions.) The technical communications
 discipline will be particularly vital in new, higher volume target markets for these new product offerings

Required Skills

Excellent writing and communication skills
Excellent interpersonal skills, across all disciplines (engineering, marketing, sales, developers,
 installers, and customers).
Previous experience managing content on wikis, CMSs, blogs, etc.
Prefer previous experience with / knowledge of software coding, hardware/software interfaces, etc.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelors degree in engineering software or computer science emphasis preferred
Five years of experience in writing technical documentation and other forms of technical content.

Principal Duties And Responsibilities

Develop technical communications strategies/key messaging, write, and edit the following categories of
 technical content -- using either common word-processing software (eg: Word, Publisher, etc.) or online
 web-content management systems (e.g.: Drupal CMS for website, wikimedia, etc.):
datasheets
developer and user manuals
Quick Start Guides
installation summaries & tips
regulatory text (in concert with / advisement from both engineering and legal)
by-lined and ghost-written technical articles for trade magazines or trade websites (including guest
blogs, distributor communities, etc.)
white papers
application &/or demo notes
wikis
online FAQs (in response to both internally generated and customer-supplied questions)
standard responses to Live Chat and technical support inquiries
posts on both blog and other technical community blogs
user community forum posts
video scripts & outlines
tutorials (using Camtasia or like screen-capture software)
other website / storefront content (of a more technical nature)
Work in a team/multi-disciplinary environment including product management, hardware engineering,
 software engineering, field sales, and marketing -- to arrive at best technical-communication strategies to 
 support new product introductions and ongoing product-marketing programs.
Having established the top-level, technical-communication strategies, work closely with the members of
 the above team to gain an understanding of the products technical specifications, operation, installation
 requirements, troubleshooting routines, and overall customer experience.
Research, write, and edit content to support all of the aforementioned tools/tactics.
Where applicable, follow sound document control procedures (including approval loops, QC, draft-
management, etc.)
Monitor and update previously published technical content as necessary, to account for software or
 hardware updates.
In concert/coordination with marketing communications team -- interface/direct outside resources
 needed to complete technical communications; these outside entities may include graphic designers,
 video production companies, photographers, web developers, editors, among others.

About this company

We provide technical staffing services to clients around the country, offering all types of engineers,
 designers, computer programmers, project managers and other professionals. Our reputation for
 consistent quality, service and responsiveness to our clients continues to generate growth. We are now
 one of the fastest growing contract engineering firms in the United States.Job description
Listing Info

PDS is seeking a SeniorTechnical Writer for an open position in Savannah, GA.

 

In Your Role, You Will
Be responsible (either individually or with other team members) for the writing of major portions of
 technical publications.
Support the complete workflow process to ensure successful completion of each revision cycle
 and distribution of technical publications.
Comply with established quality processes to ensure accuracy, ease of use and timely delivery of
 each revision cycle content. 

Principal Duties And Responsibilities
Write technical publications content as directed.
Conduct reviews and analyze technical documents to gain a thorough understanding of how
 complex systems operate and how they are to be integrated into technical manuals to
 provide the end user with the level of text and graphics to support the efficient return to
 service of the aircraft system.
Consult with internal, external customers and Engineering to create/revise technical manuals
 to support the department/corporate operating priorities.
Provide input to management on new processes or technology for integration into the
 technical publications business model.
Assist in developing solutions for overcoming the technology/technical issues introduced by
 outside suppliers for incorporation into existing manuals.
Work with management, other departments, and team members in the development of
 specific project data.
Provide liaison with Completion Center, Technical Operations, Production and/or Completion
 Engineering, Service Center to obtain the necessary approval for technical information prior
 to its release to customers.
Participate with publications team to ensure all internal department workflows and business
 processes are followed for issues relating to producing and delivering technical publications
 and associated Computerized Maintenance Program (CMP) data.
Work with internal/external customers in the development of specific project requirements of
 source data to ensure a seamless incorporation of new data in the publications environment. 

Additional Functions
Perform additional duties as assigned.

As Our Ideal Candidate, You Will Meet The Following Requirements
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in the authoring of technical publications.
Four (4) years of Technical Publications writing experience.
Advanced knowledge of all aircraft systems methodology. 

Other Requirements

At least three (3) years of Standard Graphic Markup Language (SGML) or SGML-
related software applications.
Strong technical writing and communication skills are required.
Ability to read and interpret blueprint and Engineering Orders.
Must have a thorough knowledge of aircraft tools, test equipment, vendor coding,
 parts nomenclature, maintenance procedures, and of aircraft equipment and
 maintenance. 

PDS Tech, Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer -
Minorities/Female/Disabled/Veteran (EOE M/F/D/V)

Benefits

Founded in 1977, PDS Tech, Inc. is one of the nation's premier specialty staffing firms
 with 31 offices nationwide. We offer a full range of benefits including:

Health insurance
Paid holidays
Weekly payroll
Immediate 401(k) eligibility
Completion bonuses
Training 
Please note availability of benefits may vary by position.

PDS specializes in Engineering and IT arenas including Aerospace, Defense,
 Electronics, Telecommunications, Automotive, and Energy just to name a few. Our
 reputation, track record, and years of continuous growth reflect the commitment to
 quality that our employees and clients experience first-hand. For more information
 about PDS, please check our website, www.pdstech.com

$$$ PDS pays for referrals! $$$

We pay thousands each month in referral bonuses!
Contact a recruiter for details.
To find a branch near you, look at our Branch Locator

This position may require you to submit to and pass a drug test and/or background
 check. If this is a hands-on position, you may also be required to pass a safety and
 productivity examination. PDS Tech, Inc. will comply with all applicable federal and
 state laws governing the use of such background checks and drug tests.

About this company

PDS Tech, Inc., formerly known as PDS Technical Services, Inc., is one of the largest staffing and HR
 solutions companies in the United States. PDS Tech provides comprehensive staffing services and
 engineering and IT solutions to the aerospace, defense, telecom, infrastructure, energy, food, insurance
 and other major industries. PDS Tech prides itself on quickly and efficiently “connecting the right people
 to the right jobs.” SM It is known among its contract employees for providing superior benefits and easy
 to use paperless solutions. PDS Tech operates through five subsidiary companies: PDS Engineering,
 PDS Information Services, PDS Maritime, PDS Aviation and PDS Direct. While it has diversified since its
 founding in 1977, PDS Tech has its roots in aerospace and defense and for 2008 was the 4th largest
 engineering staffing company in the United States. Through PDS Direct, PDS Tech provides VMS and
 managed service outsourcing solutions to Fortune 1000 companies. For more information visit us at
 www.pdstech.com or call (800) 270-4737.Brief Posting Description
We are currently recruiting for a Technical Writer on a permanent basis located at our EthosEnergy Power Plant Services facility in Farmington, New Mexico, United
 States.  This position reports to the PPS Quality Manager and performs Prepares and submits all final reports to engineering and quality managers, and upon approval
 submits to the customer.

Detailed Description
Assists in writing, editing and maintaining routine technical documentation, including user manuals, job aids, installation instructions, technical
 instructions/bulletins, and other technical publications from document plans and style guides on electrical rotors and stators. 

Assists in the research of technical and engineering information, including drawings, design and test specifications on rotors and stator projects. 

In addition, interviews with quality and engineering managers on document development and procedures for the floor.  

May assist in yearly revisions of document development cycles, including project scope, and documentation design (review shop procedures to ensure
 accuracy and meet IEEE standards).

Job Requirements
BS in Technical Writing, technical writing communications or related discipline, or equivalent combination of education and experience. 

Effectively uses fundamental electrical concepts, practices in technical writing and report writing. 

Significant successful experience in technical writing, electrical theory, or related field.  Advanced degree MAY be substituted for experience where
 applicable.Job description
Technical Writer, Sr in GAC Savannah

Unique Skills:

Understanding of and practical experience with Simplified Technical English, Spec ASD-STE100
Experience and working knowledge of aircraft inspection programs, aviation regulations, aircraft system
 content organization and OEM technical manuals development 
Experience with ENOVIA SmarTeam or similar Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) database products
Experience with S1000D specification, data module codes, XML authoring software and model base
 design engineering

Education and Experience Requirements:

 Bachelors degree or equivalent experience in the authoring of technical publications.Four (4) years of
 Technical Publications writing experience. Advanced knowledge of all aircraft systems methodology.
 See Other Requirements in Job Description.

Position Purpose: 
Responsible (either individually or with other team members) for the writing of major portions of technical
 publications. Supports the complete workflow process to ensure successful completion of each revision
 cycle and distribution of technical publications. Complies with established quality processes to ensure
 accuracy, ease of use and timely delivery of each revision cycle content. 

Principal Duties and Responsibilities: 

Essential Functions:1. Write technical publications content as directed. 2. Conduct reviews and analyze
 technical documents to gain a thorough understanding of how complex systems operate and how they
 are to be integrated into technical manuals to provide the end user with the level of text and graphics to
 support the efficient return to service of the aircraft system.3. Consult with internal, external customers
 and Engineering to create/revise technical manuals to support the department/corporate operating
 priorities. 4. Provide input to management on new processes or technology for integration into the
 technical publications business model. 5. Assist in developing solutions for overcoming the
 technology/technical issues introduced by outside suppliers for incorporation into existing manuals. 6.
 Work with management, other departments, and team members in the development of specific project
 data. 7. Provide liaison with Completion Center, Technical Operations, Production and/or Completion
 Engineering, Service Center to obtain the necessary approval for technical information prior to its
 release to customers.8. Participate with publications team to ensure all internal department workflows
 and business processes are followed for issues relating to producing and delivering technical
 publications and associated Computerized Maintenance Program (CMP) data. 9. Work with
 internal/external customers in the development of specific project requirements of source data to ensure
 a seamless incorporation of new data in the publications environment.

Additional Functions:1. Perform additional duties as assigned.

Other Requirements:1. At least three (3) years of Standard Graphic Markup Language (SGML) or SGML-
related software applications 2. Strong technical writing and communication skills are required.3. Ability
 to read and interpret blueprint and Engineering Orders.4. Must have a thorough knowledge of aircraft
 tools, test equipment, vendor coding, parts nomenclature, maintenance procedures, and of aircraft
 equipment and maintenance. 

Languages Required (in addition to English): English 

Additional Information

Requisition Number: 17744 

Posting Type: Internal-External 

Department: J0826-PS Publication 

Category: Engineering Support 

Percentage of Travel: None 

Shift: First 

Employment Type: Full-time 

 E5 

Number of Openings: 1.00 

Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of General Dynamics (NYSE: GD),
 designs, develops, manufactures, markets, services and supports the world's most technologically-
advanced business jet aircraft

About this company

Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of General Dynamics (NYSE: GD),
 designs, develops, manufactures, markets, services and supports the world’s most technologically
 advanced business-jet aircraft. Gulfstream has produced more than 2,000 aircraft for customers around
 the world since 1958. To meet the diverse transportation needs of the future, Gulfstream offers a
 comprehensive fleet of aircraft, comprising the wide-cabin, high-speed Gulfstream G150®; the new
 large-cabin, mid-range Gulfstream G280®; the large-cabin, long-range G450®; the large-cabin, ultra-
long-range Gulfstream G550® and the ultra-large-cabin, ultra-long-range G650®. Gulfstream also offers
 aircraft ownership services via Gulfstream Pre-Owned Aircraft Sales®. The company employs more than
 13,000 people at 12 major locations. We invite you to visit our website for more information and photos
 of Gulfstream aircraft at www.gulfstream.com.

General Dynamics, headquartered in Falls Church, Va., is a market leader in business aviation; land and
 expeditionary combat systems, armaments and munitions; shipbuilding and marine systems; and
 information systems and technologies. More information about General Dynamics is available online at
 www.generaldynamics.com.
Junior, Content Writer
Location: 	GolinHarris - Dallas
Job Code: 	3108
# of Openings: 	1
Description
GolinDAL is looking for a Junior Content Writer with proven experience in technology and B2B to augment our growing team working on one of the largest telecommunications clients in Dallas.The Junior Content Writer collaborates with diverse internal and external teams to plan, develop, write and edit content including websites, articles, blogs, brochures, emails, presentations and social media under a variety of deadlines.The Junior Content Writer performs background research, conducts interviews and determines story structure to write compelling content that engages target audiences while adhering to a brand’s preferred style and voice.
What You Will Do:
    Develop and write relevant, engaging content to drive Client goals
    Write and edit content including newsletters, social media posts, customer profile articles, thought leadership articles, white papers, e-books, press releases, company websites, brochures, scripts and other projects
    Conduct background research and interview internal and external subject matter experts
    Distill technical information into digestible, user-friendly concepts to write insightful product marketing copy
    Work effectively with other team members to deliver work on time and in a finalized format
    Support other projects/tasks that arise as warranted
What You Will Have:
    2+ years of professional B2B marketing or related technology writing experience
    Talent, desire and ability to translate Client needs into engaging B2B marketing content
    Flexible, fast and adaptable writing ability to tell stories in interesting and compelling ways to specific audience segments.
    Passion for the written word with an ever-present eye on critical details like accuracy, grammar, story flow, style and tone
    Familiarity with writing SEO-optimized content
    Ability to communicate Client value in ways that resonate with business prospects
    Proven ability to build consensus and work effectively with cross-departmental teams
    Ability to juggle multiple projects and priorities simultaneously, under multiple deadlines
    
Mid-Level Technical Writer
Location: Plano, TX	Job #: 15324
Category: Information Technology

This position is responsible for the development, maintenance, management, and delivery of policies and procedures or documentation to the appropriate audiences in the appropriate company standard formats via print and online mediums.Responsible for using and/or developing industry and company business writing practices and procedures. 
Qualifications:
•	3+ years of Service Experience.
•	Experience preparing operations procedure documentation. 
•	Works directly with business and process owners and project managers to write and edit communications, user manuals, and procedures. 
•	Utilizes word processing, presentation, and Web authoring applications.
•	Systems Experience: Has worked on multiple systems in sequential fashion.
•	Works substantially with little supervision or oversight to deliver key milestones.
•	Financial Services (specifically mortgage) industry experience preferred.
•	Risk Management experience preferred.
•	Writing: Strong demonstrated experience supporting requirements, business process, and operations.
•	Tools: Experience developing content for online tool.
•	Communication: Strong experience dealing with several clients.

Jr. Technical Writer - Contract - Lewisville, TX
DESCRIPTION
Responsible for creation, maintenance, and publishing of company policies, procedures and technical documents (business/functional requirements, instructional materials, online help, procedural guides, product descriptions, etc.) for use by business end users.
 ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
•	Conduct research by interviewing subject matter experts, reviewing existing documentation, and gleaning information from the system or product being documented. 
•	Prepare, edit, and deliver all documentation in accordance with existing editorial styles and document templates. 
•	Translate information of medium to high complexity into clear, concise documents appropriate for various target audiences. 
•	Create graphics (screen mockups, report samples, etc.) that aid the target audience in understanding the documented material. 
•	May provide input concerning GUI design and wording of messages/system changes.
•	May participate in business requirements, functional design, testing, and architecture work sessions, as requested. 
•	Maintain internal documentation library. Follows documentation projects through to completion, including approval signoff, loading into production, and archival.
 EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
•	Bachelor's degree in Journalism, English, Technical Writing, Business Administration or related field is desired.
•	Typically requires 3-5 years of business or technical writing experience and in-depth knowledge of multiple software and graphics packages: •Microsoft Office (required; expert level with Word) •Microsoft Visio (recommended; beginner level) •SnagIt, Axure (recommended; beginner level) •PDF tools (required; beginner level) •HTML (recommended, beginner level) 

Technical Editor - Plano, TX
Job Summary:
Reports to Marketing Communications Manager (Marcom Manager), creates product specifications and promotional material for web / printed media and links files to Corporate website, to support the Engineering, Quality, Sales, Marketing and Finance departments.
 
Principle Duties and Responsibilities:
•	Through communication with Marcom department staff, develops high-quality written content for customer and internal documents, including data sheets, application notes, product guides, corporate presentations, and more
•	Assists in linking data sheets to our Corporate website
•	Proofreads material to ensure technical and grammatical appropriateness and correctness
•	Produces documents for other Diodes’ departments as needed
•	Assists on Corporate website maintenance

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
•	B.A. or B.S. in English and 1 – 3 yrs work experience required.
•	 Strong editing and grammar skills a must and graphic skills a plus.
•	 Must be proficient in the Microsoft Office product environment, particularly Windows, Word, PowerPoint and Excel.
•	 Self starter: works with minimal direction.
•	 Excellent professional verbal and written communication skills.
•	 Strong interpersonal skills.
•	 Must be able to handle multiple tasks in a dynamic environment.
•	 Excellent judgment, especially when to escalate issues for resolution.

Job Title:Technical Writer/Editor (R2-3G CTSF)
Requisition ID:1400K5C

Job Category:Communication and Creative Services
Primary Location:USA-TX: TEXAS-FORT HOOD
Schedule:Full-time
Job Type:Regular
Travel:No
Job Posting:Sep 2, 2014, 3:58:39 PM

Description:
Essential Job Functions
Provides overall documentation support to both management and technical staffs within the intelligence community, including document preparation by applying the highest levels of industry and client standards, establishing proper formats in accordance with client requirements, reviewing and correcting draft materials as appropriate, and supporting decisions as to appropriate text and graphic software to use for given jobs, etc.
Creates, implements, and tracks production of designed documents.
Assists in researching, writing, editing, and proofreading technical data for use in documents or sections of documents such as manuals, procedures and specifications to provide clients with information regarding technical areas in a less technical way.
Interviews programmers, engineers, developers, and other technical personnel. Reads previous documentation and design notes, and uses computer based training or company technical products to gather and research technical information for use in documentation.
Writes, organizes, enters and compiles online help files to support end users.
Creates, compiles, and delivers system/software developmental documentation packages including, but not limited to narratives, logic diagrams, input and output samples, input preparation instructions, job setup information, etc., from technical project team inputs, system requirements analysis, system design specifications, technical system design, technical procedure development, configuration control requirements, test and training specifications, and programming notes.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications
Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
Bachelor's degree in communications, journalism, technical writing or related field preferred
Zero or more years of technical writing experience
Experience working with desktop publishing, word processing, and on-line documentation software
Experience working with industry writing style such as grammar, sentence form, and structure

Other Qualifications
Secret security clearance 
Proficiency using computer based word processing and office applications programs required
Good communication skills for interacting with personnel
Personal computer and business solutions software skills
Proofreading and editing skills
Ability to convert technical knowledge into easily understood terms
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Remote Work Authorized:No
Relocation Assistance:Not Available
Clearance Level:Secret

Employer: 	Spencer Ogden
Updated: Sep 5 2014 
Desired Expertise:	Technical Writing
Experience:	10+ years
Minimum Education:	Bachelors/3-5 yr Degree
Salary:	£0.00 per annum
Location:	Basrah, Iraq
Reference Code:	BBBH515047733
Job Status:	Active / Open 

Job Description: 
Role:

There is an excellent opening for a lead procedure editor to be based in a top integrated oil and gas services company.

The location is in Southern Iraq.
This is the 3rd largest oil field in the world i.e. Rumaila Oil field

The rotation is: 28/28

Accommodation, medical insurance are provided and good security i.e. secure accommodation and vehicles with protection are provided. Hence, maximum level safety is ensured.

This is a 1 year contract that is renewable.

Requirements:

- At least 10 years of oil and gas experience with oil and gas supermajors or good operator/EPC companies.
- This should include 5 years of technical writing experience in oil and gas

These are the Minimum requirements for this role, and have to be met for CVs to be shortlisted.

Spencer Ogden Energy Pte Ltd
Agency License Number: 13C6321

Technical Writer IV
Employer: 	
Weatherford
Updated: Sep 4 2014
Desired Expertise: 	Technical Writing
Experience: 	2+ years
Minimum Education: 	Bachelors/3-5 yr Degree
Location: 	Houston, TX, US
Reference Code: 	438989783
Job Status: 	Active / Open
Please login to bookmark Job Description:

One of the largest oilfield services companies, Weatherford operates in more than 100 countries and employs more than 70,000 people worldwide. With a product and service portfolio that spans the life cycle of a well- well construction, formation evaluation, completion and production- and a robust research and development effort, we are well positioned to meet the ever-evolving needs of the oil and gas industry.

JOB SCOPE
Authors, revises, publishes, and distributes software documentation such as user guides, help files, and support documentation.

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES

    Provide structured writing, editing, and formatting for all documentation.
    Identify, plan, and create content required to meet documentation needs.
    Write installation, administration, deployment, quick start and other guides for online and print deliverables.
    Review and test peer documentation for accuracy, grammar, clarity, and compliance with corporate style.
    Research and translate technical information into manuals and web-based documents for non-technical and technical audiences.
    Provide product feedback, such as bugs and usability concerns, during development phase.
    Work with developers and subject matter experts to complete document deliverables.
    Research design and functionality with subject matter experts, providing documentation support at each stage of the product development/commercialization process
    Maintain documentation integrity through predefined, structured use of document management system.
    Adhere to established documentation standards and styles.
    Contribute to continuous improvement of product documentation and company quality standards.
    Provide regular status reports to management for assigned projects.
    Work assignments carried out to the highest quality level.
    Perform various other duties and activities as assigned by supervisor within the physical constraints of the job.

SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS

    Ability to understand end-user knowledge levels and produce documentation to meets those needs.
    Ability to gather and synthesize technical information efficiently.
    Experience creating technical illustrations and annotated screenshots.
    Meticulous attention to detail.
    Expert-level knowledge of Word and Visio.
    Strong written and verbal communication skills.
    Strong English grammar, proofreading, and copy editing skills.
    Strong work ethic, accountability, motivation, and the desire to produce work that reflects the best of your ability.
    Bachelor's degree in English or related field.
    Two or more years technical writing experience.
    Minimum of six months experience creating user assistance documentation.

Preferred

    Working knowledge of Madcap Flare or other help authoring tools.
    Familiarity with web-based technologies, such as XML, HTML, and CSS.
    Experience using a version control system.
    Creating/composing documents/text for geoscience based products.
    Prefer documentation experience in the oil and gas industry.

SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS
The physical ability to immediately respond to emergency situations.
- See more at: http://www.rigzone.com/jobs/postings/492862/Technical_Writer_IV.asp#sthash.A1X0vEz5.dpuf


Technical Writer - Refinery / Plant Operator Specialist

Employer: 	
Kelly Engineering Resources
Updated: Aug 19 2014
Desired Expertise: 	Technical Writing
Experience: 	2+ years
Minimum Education: 	High School/Secondary
Salary: 	$60,000 - $80,000
Location: 	Houston, TX, US
Employment Type: 	Full Time Salaried Employee
Job Status: 	Active / Open
Please login to bookmark Job Description:

 
General Description
As a Technical Writer, you must have strong writing skills, and the ability to think and write sequentially, in a narrative form that is clear and informative. You must also have a firm understanding of the processes that occur within a plant, particularly the effect that minor actions have on overall process. It is also important that you display excellent verbal and written communication, interpersonal and presentation skills, as well as the flexibility to adjust and adapt your writing as needed to ensure that your message is understood by your intended audience.
You will apply your process industry knowledge to create materials that describe and explain the operations of various process systems, using technical documentation, P&IDs and PFDs as resources. In these training materials, you will identify the steps required to address startup, shutdown and emergency situations and also provide explanations of advanced control systems and processes.
Specific Duties

    Research and accurately interpret technical reference material for use in training documents and operating procedures
    Apply project templates to develop job task inventories, training guides, manuals, operating procedures, self-study questions and evaluations
    Develop and incorporate supporting VISIO graphics
    Plan and gather static and dynamic data using multiple methods and organize information for analysis
    Self-edit documents for grammar, punctuation, spelling and content accuracy, review content organization and information flow for continuity and consistency and ensure that all graphics support the document text
    Participate in client meetings and use established protocols for resolving questions and issues with client SME
    Complete document tracking charts as well as review monthly project status reports and other quality tools as necessary
    Perform company related tasks including time reports and other requirements as necessary

Skills and Knowledge

    Ability to take a detailed and logical approach to the development of training materials
    Strong client-service skills and the ability to work effectively even with the most demanding clients
    Solid time-management and problem-solving skills
    Ability to develop good working relationships with both clients and co-workers
    Ability to display professional appearance and demeanor
    Excellent team working and collaborative decision-making skills
    Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, with intermediate skills in Word and Excel
    Basic VISIO skills
    Valid and current state driver's license, good DMV record and reliable vehicle
    Willingness to work "inside the fence" at client sites, with minimal exposure to potentially hazardous conditions
    Up-to-date safety training, or the ability to sit for certification update
    Must be a United States citizen or have a valid green card - we cannot offer sponsorship at this time
    Local, Gulf-coast area residence, preferred
    TWIC card, a plus

Educational Requirements

High school diploma; Associate's degree in Process Technology, preferred
Experience

Minimum 7 years direct operations experience in the hydrocarbon processing industry including 2 years' experience in developing technical training materials for employees in the hydrocarbon processing or similar industries
- See more at: http://www.rigzone.com/jobs/postings/482783/Technical_Writer_Refinery_Plant_Operator_Specialist.asp#sthash.DEvI5cNq.dpuf


Technical Writer- Freelance
Phelps, an integrated marketing communications agency located alongside the beautiful Santa Monica Coastline, is actively seeking a Technical Writer to partner with our team on a freelance basis.

We’re an agency dedicated to delivering high impact work across all channels with a strategic vision to garner the results desired by our blue chip clients. Our digital landscape includes deliverables such as back end web development, front end web development, full fledged digital campaigns and much more.

We are actively seeking a Freelance Technical Writer to help with the delivery of an enterprise level application for a nationwide client. This assignment is projected to last about 5-7 months and requires a 20 to 30 hour weekly commitment from the selected candidate. Working remotely is an option as long as candidates are available to take part in mandatory on-site meetings.

This person will be responsible for writing assigned sections of the software requirements specification for complex web-based application software in conjunction with the lead tech writer, based on input from functional requirement specifications and wireframe screen mockups.

In order to be considered candidates must:
• Have prior experience writing software requirements specifications (samples required)
• Ability to understand complex software applications
• Understanding of relational database concepts
• Understanding of web technologies and standard user interface design concepts
• Ability to think beyond what is written in the functional specifications/wireframes to document/specify all user pathways through the application
• Ability to aggregate and organize similar requirements to reduce redundancy
• Must be extremely organized and detail-oriented
• Excellent skills with Microsoft Office (Word/Excel)

Additional Skills:
• Software development experience is a plus.
• QA/Testing/Test plan development experience is a plus

 Technical Writer (All Levels)
ProtoType Industries, inc. - Santa Monica, CA
Performs advanced technical writing in the creation of operation and maintenance manuals, illustrated parts catalogs, and other professional-level documents from a variety of source design engineering.

    Candidate will work in a busy, mid-sized company environment and as part of a dynamic, process improvement oriented, cross-functional work team
    Requires effective communication with a wide variety of technical and management personnel. Ability to work with limited direction to produce high quality work
    Requires an emphasis on quality control and attention to detail and specifications
    Performs cross-functional activities as required in a team-based environment. Ability to provide logical, in-depth analysis of a problem or situation 

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES (other duties may be assigned)

    Authors and revises technical manuals via a sophisticated authoring system
    Draws upon advanced authoring skills to resolve complex technical issues associated with interpretation of engineering documentation
    Performs research assignments with or without customer interaction. Interaction with customer representatives through oral or written communication
    With minimal guidance, may evaluate authoring tasks to determine the requirements; be able to review engineering packages for completeness and accuracy of source data; and be able to meet schedules to accomplish the work 

QUALIFICATIONS

    Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Electrical/Mechanical Engineering, Electronics and Communications Engineering Technology, Electrical Engineering and Communications Technology, English, or Communication
    2 to 5 years experience
    Excellent command of the English language (written and oral)
    Expertise in ATA standards relating to authoring and content
    Strong Electro-Mechanical ability to read / understand / interpret engineering drawings
    Strong communication skills as well as a high degree of discipline, attention to detail, problem solving ability, and good judgment
    Proficient in use of software tools to accomplish all aspects of technical writing
    Due to security requirements, this position requires U.S. citizens or green-card holders only 

OTHER INFORMATION

    Salary based on experience. Send introductory cover letter. No phone calls will be accepted.

Technical Writer
Location: 	Eagle, WI
Job Code: 	5300
Employment Duration: 	Full Time
Description

Generac Power Systems Join the leader in the power industry! Our Eagle, WI office is seeking a Technical Writer for our Parts, Service and Warranty Division.

Responsibilities:

    Develop and publish technical manuals in a timely and accurate manner
    Develop and publish parts manuals in a timely and accurate manner
    Work as a key part of corporate New Product Introduction teams to ensure all relevant technical publications are available for the product at launch.
    Develop and publish to Generac.com all data to support Generac's 'Frequently Asked Questions' support pages

Qualifications:

    Associate degree in Technical Communication or related field
    Strong foundation of basic mechanical and electrical fundamentals
    Solid knowledge of engine maintenance and troubleshooting to include: air cooled and liquid cooled units; gas, diesel, LP and natural gas fuel systems
    2+ years of professional technical writing experience
    Intermediate computer skills with a high proficiency in Microsoft Office and Adobe Framemaker
    A strong background and experience with website publishing preferred
    Strong writing, editing and communication skills
    Flexibility in a fast paced and team oriented environment

10 Job Ads for Technical Communicators
---------------------------------
---------------------------------
(Job Ad 1) Technical Communicator
Midmark Corporation - Versailles, OH

Midmark Corporation brings efficient patient care to millions of people each day in the human and animal healthcare industries around the world. The most trusted name in medical, dental and veterinary healthcare equipment solutions, Midmark is committed to providing innovative products and services for the healthcare professional, integrating value-added technology into everything it does. With over 1,500 teammates worldwide, Midmark is dedicated to making a positive difference in the practice of healthcare. Headquartered in Dayton, Ohio, Midmark Corporation maintains five subsidiaries in the United States. To support international healthcare markets, it holds subsidiaries in France, India and Italy. For more information about Midmark, visit the company's Web site at midmark.com.

Be Extraordinary.
Take a chance and step outside the box. No matter how big or small the step is, make it a step towards an extraordinary career with Midmark. We want you to reach your full potential because we realize our teammates are our most valuable assets. Wherever your passions lie, you can find challenging and rewarding work at Midmark.

Our Culture is Unique.
Because we careô is not just words but the way we live. We make a difference each day and challenge ourselves to be better than the best. Our people choose us because of our reputation for excellence and our work environment in which our values are lived every day.

Description 

Midmark Corporation is hiring a Technical Communicator!

Midmark Corporation seeks a Technical Communicator who is self motivated, innovative, and a risk taker. Come join our unique culture and grow with us! We offer an extensive benefits package for full time teammates including not only medical, dental, and vision insurance but gain sharing, profit sharing, 401(k) match, and tuition reimbursement!

Our Engineering Vision is by 2017, engineering will create break-through methods that keep improving and adapting our processes, while satisfying dynamic customer requirements. This capability will double our new product development capacity representing our best assurance of building the company to hand it off to the next generation of teammates financially sound. And we need your help to achieve our vision!

Here are some of the responsibilities you will be tasked with: 

Analyze complex parts and assemblies to create/modify technical documentation to applicable standards/templates.
Evaluating and applying engineering techniques, procedures, and criteria, to using judgment in technical writing/illustrating decisions, editing/proofreading, adaptations, and/or modifications.
Collaborate on project teams, lead project teams, and direct activities of team members.
Deliver technical communications in multiple media (paper, video, audio, internet) documents related to the design engineering function. Documentation of theory of operation, installation guides, user manuals, service manuals and assist with engineering change orders.
Ensure that the technical information complies with all specified regulatory agencies. Typically U.L., C.S.A., and F.D.A.
Use your strong writing skills to create product manuals for a global audience, using appropriate language, diction, and style.

Position Requirements 

We are recruiting a Technical Communicator. We are looking for:

Two year degree or 2 years of technical writing/illustration experience
Familiar with Adobe products, PTC Creo, Oracle, and Internet functionality
Very strong organization, problem solving, and interpersonal skills
Self motivated and able to develop positive working relationships with coworkers
Strong analytical skills
Committed to self development growth and expanding your knowledge base
An energetic teammate that works to create a positive work environment
Be optimistic about change and explore new methodologies by continuously seeking to enhance your skill set. Donít settle for the methods you knowÖwhat else is out there?


Full-Time/Part-Time 
Full-Time 

Shift 
Days 

Travel Requirements 
We value a work and life balance, so your travel will be limited. 

EOE Statement 
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.

-------------------------------------
-------------------------------------
(Job Ad 2) Lead Technical Writer, Cloud
GE - US , Michigan , Van Buren Township

About Us 
GE (NYSE: GE) works on things that matter. The best people and the best technologies taking on the toughest challenges. Finding solutions in energy, health and home, transportation and finance. Building, powering, moving and curing the world. Not just imagining. Doing. GE works. For more information, visit the company's website at www.ge.com
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer . Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. 

Relocation Expenses 
No 

Role Summary/Purpose 
The Lead Technical Writer is a key member of the Enterprise Application Standards team, tasked to create end user documentation based on technical specifications / documentation created by Cloud architects and infrastructure leads. Translating infrastructure design detail into content and language that can be easily and readily be consumed by Application teams tasked to move Applications into the Cloud. 

Essential Responsibilities 
Collaborate with Corporate IT and GE Business Unit architects to review and create high quality documentation for consumption by GE Application teams and Cloud service delivery teams
Actively participate in daily EAS technical committees and working teams
Write documentation which may include API, UI, administration, and implementation of Cloud services
Review, and edit /update new and existing Cloud service provider and / or Cloud service delivery technical documentation to validate for accuracy, clarity, consistency, and overall quality.
Plan, track, and suggest improvements to the overall documentation strategy and identify tools and processes to automate
Identify external communities outside of GE to forge relationships and build awareness of GE's Cloud strategy
Work closely with Subject Matter Experts (SME's) to "translate" complicated technical concepts into understandable content for Application teams


Qualifications/Requirements 
Bachelors Degree with a minimum of 5 years' experience in a technical role
A minimum of 4 years of experience in technical writing position with proven ability to write quality documentation from concept to completion
A minimum of 2 years experience in documenting software and infrastructure
Must be willing to work out of an office located in Michigan
Must be willing to travel


Additional Eligibility Qualifications 
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation and drug screen. 

Desired Characteristics 
A Bachelors degree, and/or technical communications certification preferred
Experience in documenting software in complex cross function environment within IT or software development
Excellent verbal and written skills: Professional communicator and collaborator with a keen eye for quality and detail, including strong working knowledge and application of style guidelines and industry practices
Track record of working with high velocity engineering organizations, both startups and large corporations
Ability to work under time pressure to meet frequent deadlines
A self-starter" with excellent communication skills and the ability collaborate across multiple teams in development and QA organizations
Experience writing about complex engineering topics. Ability to write to technical audiences.
Ability to learn new technology quickly, experience in IT infrastructure, IT Applications or Cloud
Knowledge of using an XML-based authoring tool preferred

Section 19 Job 
YOU MUST BE ABLE TO SATISFY THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 19 OF THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE ACT.

-------------------------------
-------------------------------
(Job Ad 3) Specifications Writer
Carlton Staffing - Fort Worth

Carlton Staffing is looking for a talented, professional individual in either the Fort Worth or Houston area to serve as a Specifications Writer. The ideal candidate should be a good communicator, needing to coordinate with architects, designers, directors/principals and consultants (the entire project team) in the development of project manuals. The successful candidate will work closely with, and be assigned projects by, the Director of Specifications.
RESPONSIBILTIES:
ïInterprets architectural and engineering plans to prepare project manuals.
ïConducts quality reviews of construction drawings while researching and preparing specifications.
ïAware of the products on the market, including the continually changing manufacturers to help maintain in-office Masters.
ïAssists in maintaining and developing the firm library for use of the specifications writer, designers and architects.
ïPrepares project manuals including general conditions and has a clear, fundamental understanding of the legalities involved in each of the AIA Contract Documents.
ïHas a clear understanding of the different project delivery methods (e.g. CSP, Construction Management, Design-Build) and how they affect the contractual requirements within the project manual.
ïPrepares progress and proposal/bid set printings, assuring that documents are ready for printing, sealing, signing and distribution.
ïWorks with both our Fort Worth and Houston offices to prepare specifications that are unique to each.
Desired Skills and Experience
REQUIREMENTS:
ïA minimum of three years architectural specifications writing experience. 
ïArchitectural degree preferred. 
ïStrong written and verbal communication skills.
ïProficiency in Microsoft Word required.
ïKnowledge of LEEDÆ, CHPS, building code and energy code required.
ïWorking knowledge of AutoCAD and Revit desired.
About this companyFollow company
Carlton Staffing is a full service staffing firm with over 30 years experience providing real staffing solutions to leading businesses and job seekers of Houston, Dallas, and Fort Worth. 

We specialize in temporary, temp-to-hire, and direct hire placements in the following areas: Administrative & Clerical, Light Industrial & Technical, Accounting & Finance, 
Skilled Trades, Lending & Title & more!

For our Customers
We have been exceeding our clientsí expectations for more than twenty-eight years. 
ï We understand our clientsí businesses and their specific needs.
ï We consistently provide the highest quality candidates.
ï We are continuously developing value-added programs to enhance customer service. 

We are committed to solving our customersí staffing challenges with passion, integrity, a focus on teamwork and service excellence. We never stop working to make sure that each customer is delighted with their decision to use Carlton Staffing!


For Texas Job-Seekers
Our candidates and employees are the key to our success and we strive to provide you with the best opportunities to accomplish your professional goals. Carlton is consistently ranked among the leading firms for administrative, accounting, lending & title, light industrial, technical, and skilled trade staffing. Whether you are interested in temporary, temp-to-hire, or direct hire jobs, we are ready to work for you!

Visit www.carltonstaffing.com to learn more about Carlton Staffing's employment solutions.

------------------------------------
------------------------------------
(Job Ad 4) Staff Technical Writer, Platform
GE Software - San Francisco Bay Area

As a Staff Technical Writer, you will collaborate with Software Engineering and Quality Engineering teams to develop technical documentation using the DITA structured authoring architecture, actively participate with other technical writers to continuously refine the documentation development process in an Agile environment, and help drive the documentation efforts that support the goals and objectives of our new Software Center of Excellence (based in San Ramon, California).Essential Responsibilities
In this role, you will:
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, primarily Software Engineering and Quality Engineering, to produce and release accurate, high-quality documentation for consumption by our GE internal technical customer base
Actively participate in daily Scrum stand-up meetings , weekly planning, and review meetings
Write API, UI, administration, and installation guides, which may include developer and administration guides
Use XMetaL as the authoring tool within a CMS under source control to create and structured content in DITA
Review, and edit /update new and existing platform-based documentation to validate for accuracy, clarity, consistency, and overall quality
Track and manage project efforts Perform other tasks as directed by the Information Development Manager.
Qualifications/Requirements
A minimum of 5 years of experience in technical writing position with proven ability to write quality documentation from concept to completion
A minimum of 3 years' experience in documenting software
 
Eligibility Requirements:
Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job
Must be willing to work out of an office located in San Ramon, CA
Must be willing to travel
Desired Skills and Experience
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Engineering or in a STEM major (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math)
Experience in documenting software in an Agile development environment
Excellent verbal and written skills: Professional communicator and collaborator with a keen eye for quality and detail, including strong working knowledge and application of style guidelines and industry practices
Track record of working with high velocity engineering organizations, both startups and large corporations
Ability to work under time pressure to meet frequent deadlines.
A "self-starter" with excellent communication skills and the ability collaborate across multiple teams in development and QA organizations Experience writing about complex engineering topics.
Ability to write to technical audiences. (Terms like JSON, OSGi, SOAP, and J2EE don't scare you)
Ability to learn new technology quickly, experience in API or platform and services documentation a plus
Knowledge of using an XML-based authoring tool preferred

-----------------------------------
-----------------------------------
(Job Ad 5) Content Writer and Editor
Intuit - San Francisco Fourth Street, CA

Job Description
Demandforce, Inc., an Intuit company, is a leading online marketing and communication software service.  We help local businesses thrive in the Internet economy using email communications, text messaging and online services. Demandforce combines an award winning communications platform with best-in-class reputation and networking tools into one powerful web-based application that seamlessly integrates with existing workflow systems to help businesses build a strong online reputation and leverage local network marketing.

Founded in 2003, Demandforce has collected more than 2 million consumer reviews, which are published across the Web, and has generated more than $3 billion dollars for its clients. The Demandforce Network connects end clients to almost 40 million local consumers. For more information on how to use Demandforce, please visit www.demandforce.com.

Demandforce is looking for a content writer and editor to assist the community and content team. We provide solutions for our customers to resolve their problems quickly and get back to doing business. We make this happen with self-service help and member-to-member discussion forums.

Responsibilities:
Write, edit, and publish knowledge base articles, email and chat templates, and other materials that answer our customersí questions and help them resolve problems
Collaborate with community and content team to evolve voice and tone of Demandforce customer care content, and make sure content reflects that voice.
Collaborate with customer care, marketing, product, engineering, and other teams to create and revise content.
Use metrics and feedback to improve existing content and identify knowledge gaps that require new content.
Dig into unglamorous and/or repetitive grunt work required to keep our knowledge base and community up to date and visually consistent. Nobody loves grunt work, but we all do it. Customers notice when we donít.

Qualifications:
5 years writing and editing online customer care content such as help pages, knowledge base articles, email communications, in-product messaging.
Desire to empower customers by providing excellent self-service content.
Ability to present information in a way that customers can follow regardless of tech saviness
Ability to handle multiple projects with competing deadlines and ambiguous, changing details.
Experience with creating and editing screen captures.
Comfortable with basic HTML.
Bachelor's degree in English, communications, journalism, or related discipline.

Imagine a career where your creative inspiration can fuel BIG innovation.&nbsp; Year-over-year, Intuit has been recognized as a best employer and is consistently ranked on Fortuneís ì100 Best Companies To Work Forî and Fortune Worldís ìMost Admired Software Companiesî lists. Immerse yourself in our award winning culture while creating breakthrough solutions that simplify the lives of consumers and small businesses and their customers worldwide.
Intuit is expanding its social, mobile, and global footprint with a full suite of products and services that are revolutionizing the industry.  Utilizing design for delight and lean startup methodologies, our entrepreneurial employees have brought more than 250 innovations to market ñ from QuickBooksÆ, QuickenÆ, and TurboTaxÆ, to GoPayment, Mint.com, big data, cloud (SaaS, PaaS) and mobile apps.  The breadth and depth of these customer-driven innovations mean limitless opportunities for you to turn your ingenious ideas into reality at Intuit.
Discover what itís like to be part of a team that rewards taking risks and trying new things. Itís time to love what you do! Check out all of our career opportunities at: jobs.intuit.com.  EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
Intuit will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

--------------------------------
--------------------------------
(Job Ad 6) Web Content Writer
Reputation.com - Tempe, AZ

Job description
Reputation.com, Inc., is seeking qualified candidates for full-time writing positions. We are accepting applications from recent college graduates in addition to more experienced writers. We are looking to build a talented, motivated team of writers who will create high quality content for our clients while adhering to weekly quota and quality guidelines. These writers will collaborate closely with our California-based team of editors on content creation via email, Skype, and our online collaboration platform. Strong candidates will be skilled writers looking for an opportunity to create effective and engaging content and be part of a dynamic publication and editorial team.

Responsibilities
Research and write client-focused content while adhering to the in-house style guide and standard content processes.
Adhere to internal company guidelines for SEO and ORM in all written content.
Meet deadline, quality, and weekly quota expectations.
Incorporate feedback from the editorial team based on quality reviews.
Rewrite or revise previously written content if minimum quality standards are not met.
Assist in the development of improvements and best practices for content creation.
Desired Skills and Experience
Excellent writing, proofreading, and fact-checking skills.
College degree in a related subject area, such as journalism, communications, or English.
Previous experience writing, whether professionally or on a volunteer basis, is preferred.
Familiarity with the Chicago Manual of Style is preferred.
Willingness to learn and make changes in a fast-paced, rapidly changing work environment.
Ability to interact effectively and work collaboratively and to adapt to changing assignments and priorities.
Additional Details 
This is a full-time position based out of our office in Tempe.

------------------------------
------------------------------
(Job Ad 7) Digital Content Writer
FramesDirect.com - Austin, Texas Area

OUR OPPORTUNITY:
FramesDirect.com is looking for a talented Digital Content Writer to manage on-site content generation and publishing to support and drive our organic search (SEO) efforts. The Content Writer will work collaboratively with our product, creative, and marketing departments to help plan, write, edit, and upload copy that represents the voice of FramesDirect.com, as well as other properties. This position requires excellent copywriting skills and a good understanding of SEO techniques. The Content Writer's main goals are:
to produce quality content that will not only appear in search engines, but drive traffic to the site, and convert into sales.
to increase FramesDirect.com's visibility for target keywords/phrases in organic search.
 
RESPONSIBILITIES:
 
Content Writing/Creation:
Research topics and write compelling copy for on-site pages, assets, product descriptions, blog posts, that will educate visitors, help with ranking on search engines.
Ensure all copy is optimized for SEO; continually seek out best practices in SEO regarding copy.
Contribute to the blog weekly. Help reorganize and revamp the blog
Proof copy on all marketing initiatives: site banners, emails, direct mail
Create and maintain a style guide for copy, establishing clear guidelines on how copy is to be written for each brand and site
 
Content Marketing:
Create compelling content that makes FramesDirect.com appear as the online authority in Eyeglasses, Sunglasses, Prescription Sunglasses and Contact lenses (eyewear trends, new products (rx lenses or frames), new brand launches, prescription related information, how to sections etcÖ). The position will require regular interactions with the frame vendors, the opticians on staff and the Product Department in charge of updating the online catalog. The goal is to educate customers without selling and attract back-links from other websites.
Update or create landing pages on the site adding the proper links, images, or videos
Coordinate and manage content schedule/plan and assets. Execute the content schedule/plan utilizing the content management system (CMS) to upload both copy and content assets
 
General SEO strategy:
Participate in the strategy of improving authority for the site, making recommendations in terms of on-page improvements following best practices and Google updates
Work hand in hand with the technical SEO manager and the Social Media manager to come up with content strategies to increase rankings for certain keywords.
 
Desired Skills and Experience
SKILLS:
Excellent copy writing skills: creative writing, solid grammar, and impeccable spelling are a must
Good knowledge of organic search and search engine marketing
Website analytics software (Google Analytics)
Basic HTML knowledge mandatory
Experience with WordPress
Ecommerce experience
Basic Photoshop skills a plus
Interest in Fashion a plus
Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree, preferably in Marketing or Journalism
3-5+ years experience in Search Engine Optimization, search marketing, or online marketing
Track record in creating engaging and compelling content.

--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
(Job Ad 8) Web Content Copywriter
OSSCube - Austin, Texas Area

ob description
OSSCube, a rapidly growing Austin, TX based service provider is looking for an experienced content writer to support web, direct marketing and social media initiatives. The ideal candidate will have experience in writing professional services or software application (specifically open source) content.  The ability to create SEO optimized content is highly desirable. This is a full time contract to hire position
 
Responsibilities:
Manage writing projects on a day-to-day basis collaboratively with various team members
Writing SEO optimized copy for website
Managing content deadlines, prioritize higher needs like events and announcements
Creating and optimizing landing page content
Creating and optimizing email copy
Understanding and creating content that aligns with our business strategy
Proactively contribute ideas to projects
Work with others to effectively complete scope of work so that it is top quality
Consistently meet project deadlines 
Desired Skills and Experience
Be a team player with the proven ability to interact with marketing, sales and partners.  Proven experience with writing copy for technology services or software applications.  Open Source experience a plus.  Possess superior written and oral communication skills.  Bachelor degree or equivalent desired.
 
OSSCube is an equal opportunity employer
 
Check us out on Glassdoor to see what our employees are saying about working here!

-----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
(Job Ad 9)  Technical Writer, Manager, Developer Relations
Google - Mountain View, CA, USA

Job description
Technical writers take complex information and communicate it clearly, concisely and accurately without relying on technical or corporate jargon to explain what they're trying to say. With a unique cross functional perspective, our team of technical writers are the key link between our engineers, marketing associates, developer advocates and external users and developers who comprise the wide Google ecosystem. As a Technical Writer, you juggle a variety of projects, from reading and writing example code, to updating FAQs, to drafting product announcements. When a new technical challenge rises to forefront, you are there to defuse it with your clarifying pen (or keyboard, more likely).  Using your extensive technical and leadership experience, you manage a team of writers, setting direction, giving feedback, collaborating internally and lending specific content expertise.

As a Technical Writer, you will communicate with hundreds of thousands of developers worldwide through conceptual documentation, training and instructional content, API References, sample code, and videos. You'll have plenty of opportunity to inspire our developer community through the creation of simple code samples or complex sample applications that will supplement core documentation. You might have a background as a developer, and write as a hobby; or perhaps you're an experienced communicator who loves digging deep into code. One thing is for certain - you are passionate about helping developers do amazing things.

Responsibilities
Lead a team of Technical Writers, setting the goals, priorities and vision.
Write technical documentation for our external developer audience, such as API reference docs and developer guides.
Design and organize documentation sets for new APIs and developer products.
Edit, clarify, and proofread documents written by others, and coach non-writers on ways to improve their writing skills.
Manage complex documentation projects.

Minimum qualifications
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
Team management experience.
Experience with product documentation, product communications, technical publications or media.
Experience working with source code written in C++, Python and/or JavaScript.

Preferred qualifications
6 years of relevant work experience, including experience researching and writing excellent documentation for developers (APIs, SDKs, web technologies).
Ability to manage multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment
Excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to build strong relationships and evangelize the craft with internal stakeholders.

Area

Making the world's information universally accessible and useful doesn't stop at the desktop. The Mobile team builds tools to get you the information you need no matter where you are. Our open-source Android operating system has become the world's most popular mobile ecosystem, powering hundreds of devices from smartphones to tablets. Whether adding to the core Android experience, forging new markets for digital content, creating immersive and portable versions of our products or managing relationships with a global community of developers, the Mobile team is giving you Google on the go.

Technical Writing
-------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------
(Job Ad 10) Technical Writer
GE - US , California , San Ramon

Relocation Expenses 
No 

Role Summary/Purpose 
Part of GE's internal developer platform team the Technical Writer is a critical part of transforming GE's global software development community. They are accountable for creating the customer, support, and technical documentation for use by GE's global development community. 

Essential Responsibilities 

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to produce and release accurate, high-quality documentation for consumption by our GE development teams
Actively participate in daily Scrum stand-up meetings, weekly planning, and review meetings
Write developer and administration guides which may include API, UI, administration, and installation guides
Review, and edit /update new and existing platform-based documentation to validate for accuracy, clarity, consistency, and overall quality
Plan, track, and suggest improvements to the overall documentation strategy

Qualifications/Requirements 

Bachelors Degree Or High School Diploma/GED with a minimum of 5 years' experience in a technical role
A minimum of 4 years of experience in technical writing position with proven ability to write quality documentation from concept to completion
A minimum of 2 years experience in documenting software
Must be considered a 'US Person' in compliance with US ITAR regulations
Must be willing to work out of an office located in San Ramon, CA
Must be willing to take a drug test and submit to a background investigation as part of the selection process
Must be 18 years or older
Must be willing to travel
You must submit your application for employment on the careers page at www.gecareers.com to be considered

Additional Eligibility Qualifications 
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation and drug screen. 

Desired Characteristics 

Master's degree, and/or technical communications certification preferred
Experience in documenting software in an Agile development environment
Excellent verbal and written skills: Professional communicator and collaborator with a keen eye for quality and detail, including strong working knowledge and application of style guidelines and industry practices
Track record of working with high velocity engineering organizations, both startups and large corporations
Ability to work under time pressure to meet frequent deadlines
A "self-starter" with excellent communication skills and the ability collaborate across multiple teams in development and QA organizations
Experience writing about complex engineering topics. Ability to write to technical audiences. (Terms like JSON, OSGi, SOAP, and J2EE don't scare you)
Ability to learn new technology quickly, experience in API or platform and services documentation a plus
Knowledge of using an XML-based authoring tool preferred


Job #1: PDS

Required Skills
• Bachelor's Degree in English, Technical Writing, Journalism or a similar field or Bachelor&#8217;s Degree and 2 years of Technical Writing or Journalism or equivalent (defined as High School Diploma/GED and 4 years progressive experience as Technical Writer or Journalism)
• 5+ years experience writing and editing software documentation
• Demonstrated proficiency in the following: Arbortext and Frame worker - Must have!
• Proven ability to work independently and in teams
• Experience with user interface design and usability testing
• Strong interpersonal, verbal communication, presentation skills and technical communication skills.
• Previous project or team leadership experience; demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously

Preferred Qualifications
• Experience working with global development sites
• Experience managing software documentation projects and staff
• Experience in an Agile software environment
• Previous supervisory experience, including global and/or virtual team
• Experience in a health-care related field.

Job #2: Reynolds and Reynolds

Required Skills
•	Bachelor’s degree required
•	Houston, TX based position with no travel involved
•	Basic computer knowledge required
•	Good spelling, proofreading, grammar, and editing skills
•	Detail-oriented, deadline-driven, and organized
•	Bilingual in Spanish preferred but not required 

Job #3: Baker Hughs

Required Skills
•	2 years of experience in Technical Writing
•	Excellent written and oral communications skills
•	Adept with Word and FrameMaker
•	Able to work in a team environment
•	Investigative acumen, detail oriented
•	Bachelor's Degree in English or Linguistics (or equivalent specialization)

Preferred qualifications
•	Coursework in any science or engineering discipline
•	Adept in various document creation and publishing tools
•	Familiar with ClearCase and TFS
 
Job #4: Amadeus

Education & Experience
- University Degree or equivalent or certificate in technical writing
Functional Skills
- Strong command of spoken and written English, other languages are an advantage
- Advanced PC skills (Word, PowerPoint & Excel)
- Must be able to write concisely
Personal Skills
- Analytical, methodical, structured and rigorous
- Excellent organisation skills
- Multicultural approach (ability to work with and communicate effectively across regional cultures)
- Strong planning, scheduling, and researching skills
- Able to work on multiple projects simultaneously and adjust to changing requirements
- Excellent interpersonal skills are essential
- Work independently or within a team and adapt to any situation easily
- Autonomous with strong follow-through skills
Job Experience
- Technical writing background required
- e-Learning development and learning design experience a plus
- Training delivery experience a plus
- Travel Industry, Airline Industry, Hotel Industry, Airport operation or Accounting/Finance Industry background a plus
- Amadeus product knowledge a plus
- Experience with complex software systems a plus

Job #5: NetSuite

Qualifications/Skills:
• Bachelor’s degree and 7+ years of experience as a Technical Writer or 7+ years combined experience as a Developer and Technical Writer
• Attention to detail; excellent English skills; and proficiency in proofreading/editing, writing, and verbal communication
• Technical aptitude and experience: solid understanding of two or more programming languages and technologies such as JavaScript, Java, C#, Web Services, SOAP, PHP, and AJAX; ability to quickly learn how to use products, passion for technology
• Experience learning, using, and writing about business applications, software, and technology
• Self-starter: motivated and able to take the initiative
• A track record of successfully working with development, QA, and technical writing to deliver quality documentation
• Excellent strategic thinking, time management, and prioritization skills: ability to create high-quality documentation while making tradeoff decisions; experience in meeting tight deadlines and adapting to changing priorities
• Experience working with cross-functional teams across product development lifecycles
• Experience with the Windows operating system environment and Microsoft Office software, and with current word processing, desktop publishing, and graphics software 
• Knowledge of formatting standards such as JavaDOC and DITA
• Experience with a screen capture program such as SnagIt, Paint Shop Pro, or FullShot
• Experience working with remote teams preferred
• Knowledge of ArborText Epic Editor preferred
• Familiarity with Agile development

Job #6: Honda

•	B.S. in Communications (technical writing, graphic design, instructional training) or equivalent work experience. 
•	Five plus years experience in technical writing, preferably with a consumer power products or equipment company. 
•	Strong mechanical, troubleshooting and product repair knowledge. 
•	Strong verbal and written communication skills with the ability to work in a multi-disciplinary environment. 
•	Ability to manage multiple projects to meet critical deadlines. 
•	Training and presentation experience is helpful.
•	Proficient in desktop publishing and graphics applications, preferably Adobe FrameMaker, Illustrator and Photoshop. 
•	Working knowledge of four-stroke engines, power equipment and outboard motors. 
•	Strong project management skills including planning, organizing and data acquisition.

Job #7: Lockheed Martin

•	Minimum 1-2 years' professional technical writing experience in addition to college education.
•	Writing or editing baseline tachnical documentation or presentations issuing technical updates.
•	Metrics, presentation generation, policy process writing.
•	Ability to represent Lockheed Martin in a full-time, customer-embedded role
•	Motivated self-starter
•	Prefer candidates with Commercial Clients experience within the Energy Services environment

Job #8: YouTube

Minimum qualifications
•  BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.

Preferred qualifications
•  Ability to read and understand source code written in Java, C++, Python and/or JavaScript. Proficiency with HTML and CSS.
•  Ability to write simple to complex code samples in Python and/or JavaScript.
•  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.

Job #9: Google

Minimum qualifications
• BA/BS degree in English, Journalism, Technical Writing, Computer Science or a related field or equivalent practical experience.
• Experience planning, researching, writing and editing technical documents.

Preferred qualifications
• Experience defining the overall structure of the documentation set
• Proficiency with HTML and CSS.
• Proficiency in a UNIX environment.
• Ability to read and understand source code written in Java and C++.
• Able to navigate a complex technical landscape and interface with multiple engineers to assemble documentation.
• Independent, curious and resilient. Comfortable with ambiguity

Job #10: NVIDIA

Minimum Requirements
- BA/BS in Journalism, English, Technical Communications, Computer Science, Engineering or related field.
- Excellent native-level written English skills. 
- Minimum of 3 years technical writing experience, preferably in a computer-related field with an emphasis on technical documentation. Prefer at least 1 of the 3 years of experience be writing for software engineers, preferably in the mobile, graphics, or communications fields.
- Requires experience with Microsoft Office tools.

Desirable Experience
- Candidates should understand the principles of high quality software development.
- Prefer candidates with computer programming experience and/or experience documenting APIs in the code using tools such as doxygen.
- Prefer candidates able to write and maintain simple utilities in Python, DOS, and bash scripting languages.
