Job Ad 1
Position: Technical Writer (Long Term Freelance)
Location: Dallas Area
Status: Freelance
Estimated Duration: 1-2 Months
Starts: August
Rate: DOE
Job Description:
Our downtown Dallas client is looking for a Technical Writer with experience developing training material. This is an onsite, freelance assignment beginning in August and continuing for up to two months.
The ideal candidate has experience writing end user training materials for technology solutions.
We are looking for someone to help develop classroom training sessions for a new mobile app technology. Content will be presented in PowerPoint.
In this role, you will work closely with the BA to familiarize yourself with the technology and will then be responsible for crafting training materials.
If you feel you are qualified for this position please send your resume (and samples if applicable) to: Dallas6@jobalert.creativecircle.com
View additional job opportunities at www.creativecircle.com
**MUST be located in the DFW area to be considered**

Job Ad 2
Technical Writer - Documentation
About the Job
We have a unique opportunity for a motivated professional. Our company is looking for a long term contractor to assist in creating, writing, and compiling technical documentation. This is a group environment, so being able to work collaboratively is key. Prefer candidates that are in the Dallas area as this is an onsite position.
Our ideal candidate will have:
- Technical writing experience with User Documentation
- Proficiency with Adobe software: InDesign, Framemaker, Illustrator, Photoshop and Distiller
- Experience with MS Word
- Excellent command of English grammar and spelling
- Experience with HTML files a plus
- Experience in the telecommunications industry a plus
- Localization and language knowledge a plus
Successful candidate must possess a keen eye for details and work well within deadlines.  
We offer a friendly, flexible, and professional work environment. Please see our website at: www.tnations.com  for more information about our company. Please Apply below (no phone calls, please) and we can start discussing your future with us.

Company
TransNation Translations, Inc.?
Location
Dallas, TX 75248
Industries
Business Services - Other
Job Type
Full Time
Temporary/?Contract/?Project
Years of Experience
2+? to 5 Years
Education Level
Bachelor's Degree
Career Level
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Salary
25.?00 - 35.?00 $ /?hour

Job Ad 3
Technical Writer / Marketing Specialist – Contract
About the Job
Title: Technical Writer / Marketing Specialist – Contract
Salary and Compensation:
                   $4K to $5K per month
Job Description
Specifics:
                   This is an on-site contract job in Plano, TX.  
             Contract Period: six months
                   Generate web site contents
                   Marketing collateral development
                   Technical writing
                   Logo development
                   Video production
Desired Skills and Experience
                   2 to 10 years of technical writing experience
                   Excellent presentation and communication skills
                   Ability to work productively as an individual and in a team environment
                   Bachelor’s degree required
Company Description
Newline Interactive is a leading provider of advanced computer displays and interactive whiteboards that are sold into corporate and commercial markets as well as various education markets.  We have won numerous awards, such as the North America Office Products Association award for Product Innovation of the Year in 2011.
We are looking for candidates who enjoy working with a world class team in a fast growing start-up environment.  If you are interested in the job opportunity, please send your resume to hr@newline-interactive.com.

Job Summary
Company
Newline Interactive, Inc.
Location
Plano, TX 75074
Industries
Manufacturing - Other
Job Type
Full Time
Temporary/Contract/Project
Years of Experience
2+ to 5 Years
Education Level
Bachelor's Degree
Career Level
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Salary
4,000.?00 - 5,000.?00 $ /month
Job Reference Code
75074

Job Ad 4
Technical Writer
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Our client is seeking a Technical Writer in Fort Worth, Texas (TX). This is a great opportunity but a temporary position with this company. Description:
Responsible for interviewing members of various departments and documenting their day to day processes and procedures.
Document internal processes for planning, developing, organizing, writing and editing operational, software, maintenance, test procedures and/ or manuals.
May develop and document technical design specifications and flowcharts.
May produce electronic documentation such as CDs and online user help tools.
May acquire and organize source material, including applicable specifications and technical write-ups.
REQUIREMENTS:
4-year degree or related field or equivalent experience
2+ years experience in technical writing
Knowledge/Skills:
Working knowledge of technical writing in a systems environment.
Ability to write in explanatory, procedural and creative styles and for multiple audiences.
Good oral and written communication skills required.
Attention to detail and ability to handle multiple projects.

Job Ad 5
Specifications Writer (Fort Worth or Houston)
JOB FUNCTION: Interprets architectural and engineering plans, and prepares project manuals for renovation and new construction projects in various markets. 
OVERVIEW: Carlton Staffing is looking for a talented, professional individual in either the Fort Worth or Houston area to serve as a Specifications Writer. The ideal candidate should be a good communicator, needing to coordinate with architects, designers, directors/principals and consultants (the entire project team) in the development of project manuals. The successful candidate will work closely with, and be assigned projects by, the Director of Specifications.
RESPONSIBILTIES:
•Interprets architectural and engineering plans to prepare project manuals.
•Conducts quality reviews of construction drawings while researching and preparing specifications.
•Aware of the products on the market, including the continually changing manufacturers to help maintain in-office Masters.
•Assists in maintaining and developing the firm library for use of the specifications writer, designers and architects.
•Prepares project manuals including general conditions and has a clear, fundamental understanding of the legalities involved in each of the AIA Contract Documents.
•Has a clear understanding of the different project delivery methods (e.g. CSP, Construction Management, Design-Build) and how they affect the contractual requirements within the project manual.
•Prepares progress and proposal/bid set printings, assuring that documents are ready for printing, sealing, signing and distribution.
•Works with both our Fort Worth and Houston offices to prepare specifications that are unique to each.
REQUIREMENTS:
•A minimum of three years architectural specifications writing experience. 
•Architectural degree preferred. 
•Strong written and verbal communication skills.
•Proficiency in Microsoft Word required.
•Knowledge of LEED®, CHPS, building code and energy code required.
•Working knowledge of AutoCAD and Revit desired.

Job Ad 6 - SpaceX
PROPOSAL EDITOR
From release of a customer’s requirements through award of a contract, the Proposal Editor manages the preparation and submittal of SpaceX’s bids for competitive business opportunities, usually launch services worth millions or hundreds of millions of dollars. In this role, you’ll prepare proposals that describe the features and benefits of SpaceX’s constantly evolving technology and launch services. You will manage authors from across SpaceX’s technical and business teams as they prepare text addressing specific customer needs. You’ll edit, rewrite and write technical and nontechnical text as necessary to prepare the most compelling possible proposals. You’ll also be responsible for the creation of clear, visually persuasive graphics and the timely printing and delivery of a clean, error-free final product.
The position requires the energy, initiative and dependability to produce documents that reflect SpaceX’s commitment to the rapid and reliable advancement of human spaceflight.
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Read, understand and communicate the highly complex requirements of new customer opportunities.
Draft proposal outlines.
Manage section authors from across the company, setting and enforcing deadlines and expectations.
Ensure documents conform to company format and editorial style.
Ensure proposals comply with customer instructions.
Edit and rewrite as necessary for clarity, logic and readability.
Fact-check information and flag technical errors.
Edit for spelling, grammar and punctuation.
Help identify and develop supporting graphics.
Work with technical and business staff to resolve open issues and questions about proposal text, figures and tables.
Guide documents through review and approval processes.
Prepare documents for print. Produce required copies and arrange delivery.
Improve and streamline the proposal development process.
Help maintain repository of frequently used proposal information.
Support Mission Management, Sales, and other SpaceX organizations with editing, writing, publication and communication.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor’s degree in journalism, English, or a related field.
A minimum of 5 years’ experience publishing documents and/or editing the work of others.
High proficiency in the professional-level preparation of documents for publication in Microsoft Office (2007 or more recent), or 5 or more years of experience with a non-Office word processing program and desktop publishing software. (Assessments will be administered as part of the interview process.)
Demonstrable editing skills at the organizational, structural, sentence, fact-checking and proofreading levels.
PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:
Experience with proposal or grant writing.
Ability, or potential, to help implement proposal strategy.
Knowledge of government or commercial proposals.
Experience writing captions or headlines.
Experience following an editorial style guide.
Ability to turn strings of buzz words or jargon into coherent writing.
Strong grasp of language, including nuance and tone.
Proven ability to work under the pressure of long- and short-term deadlines.
Demonstrated record of successfully planning and completing both short- and long-term projects.
Demonstrated leadership, influence and collaboration skills.
Demonstrated organizational skills.
Demonstrated attention to detail.
Basic knowledge of SpaceX’s mission, business model and competition.
TO APPLY:
Complete the online application.
Provide two writing samples of 500 words or more, each targeted at a different audience.
Provide a narrative summary of the founding, history and current technical capabilities of SpaceX, drawing only from publicly available sources of information. Draft should be no more than one single-spaced page of text.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:
To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.
SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identification, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceX’s Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application/interview process should notify the Human Resource Department at (310) 363-6000.
JOB LOCATION
Hawthorne, CA, United States

Job Ad 7 - SpaceX
PROPOSAL DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER
Own the proposal development process, from release of a customer’s requirements through award of a contract. In this role, you will help the Sales team prepare proposals that describe the features and benefits of SpaceX launch services while meeting customer requirements. You will edit, rewrite and write technical and nontechnical text, and coordinate responses with the technical and business staff. You’ll also prepare complementary graphics and publish the final product.
The position requires the energy, initiative and dependability to produce company-critical documents.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Create files and outlines for proposal sections in Microsoft Word.
Make documents conform to company format and editorial style.
Make sure proposals comply with customer instructions.
Edit for spelling, grammar and punctuation.
Edit and rewrite as necessary for clarity, logic, fluency and readability.
Verify accuracy of information presented and flag technical errors.
Help identify and develop supporting graphics.
Work with technical and Sales staff to resolve open issues and questions about proposal text, figures and tables.
Guide documents through review and approval processes.
Prepare documents for print. Produce required copies and arrange delivery.
Improve and streamline the proposal development process.
Help maintain repository of frequently used proposal information.
Support Mission Management, Sales, and other SpaceX organizations with editing, writing, publication and communication skills.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor's Degree in Engineering.
A minimum of 5 years’ experience publishing documents and/or editing the work of others.
Able to provide three writing samples of 500 words or more, each targeted at a different audience.
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office (2007 or more recent), or 5 or more years of experience with a non-Office word processing program and desktop publishing software. (Assessments will be administered as part of interview process.)
Demonstrable editing skills at the organizational, structural, sentence, fact-checking and proofreading levels.
PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:
Experience with proposal or grant writing.
Ability, or potential, to help implement proposal strategy.
Knowledge of government or commercial proposals.
Experience writing captions or headlines.
Experience following an editorial style guide.
Ability to think clearly and lead others through logical thoughts by using coherent writing, instead of just stringing words together.
Strong grasp of language, including nuance and tone.
Proven ability to work under the pressure of a deadline.
Demonstrated record of successfully planning and completing both short- and long-term projects.
Demonstrated leadership, influence and collaboration skills.
Demonstrated organization skills.
Demonstrated attention to detail.
Basic knowledge of what SpaceX does.
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:
To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.
SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceX’s Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application/interview process should notify the Human Resource Department at (310) 363-6000.
JOB LOCATION
Hawthorne, CA, United States

Job Ad 8 - SpaceX
TECHNICAL WRITING - SENIOR 3D GRAPHIC ARTIST
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Create, capture, edit, annotate, animate, and process 3D models, 2D graphics, animations, photos, and videos, anticipating that they will eventually be used in an online environment.
Scratch-build photo-realistic 3D models and convert CAD files exported from our system into photo-realistic 3D models.
Create 3D illustrations for Customer Presentations; Inspection Criteria Documents; Standard Operating Procedures; Assembly Process Documents; and complex mechanical operations in which 3D modeling is especially required for comprehension.
Additional multimedia projects as requested by Management.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Must have 10 years of experience as an expert at creating and editing photo-realistic 3D models, 2D graphics, animations, photos, and videos.
Must have a Bachelor’s Degree
PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:
Proficient with page layout software such as Adobe InDesign
Proficient with TeamCenter Visualization Professional or Mockup 8.3
ITAR REQUIREMENTS:
To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about ITAR here.
SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceX’s Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application/interview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.
CONNECT WITH US
Want to learn more about SpaceX career opportunities and culture? Be sure to connect with our recruiting team on social media: Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Tumblr, and SpaceX Careers.
JOB LOCATION
Hawthorne, CA, United States

Job Ad 9
About the Job
Overview
SCCI is seeking a Technical Writer in our Austin TX location to provide technical writing support for Interactive Electronic Technical Manuals.
Responsibilities
Research, create, edit and maintain technical on-line help system
Write materials in conformance with style guides and military document standards
Organize writing projects, and interface productively with subject matter experts, graphic illustrators, other writers, and management
Research product changes, documentation change requests, and other sources to determine required content updates
Proofread and edit documentation to ensure consistency of language and style, as well as correct application of templates
Conduct tests and participate in internal Q/A activities
Qualifications
Essential Skills and Experience
Must be a U.S. Citizen, and be able to obtain a security clearance
Associate's degree or higher from an accredited college or university
Five or more years of experience with the development of interactive/online technical documentation
Experience with mark-up and browser-based presentation technologies, such as DITA, XML, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Experience working with cross-functional teams across product development lifecycles
Excellent English skills; and proficiency in proofreading/editing, writing, and verbal communication
High degree of professionalism, adherence to high quality standards, and attention to detail
Preferred Skills and Experience
Two years experience as a project lead
Experience supporting military or government documentation standards
Experience with grant and proposal writing
SCCI is committed to providing a comprehensive and competitive benefits package to meet the needs of employees and their families. EOE of Minorities/Females/Vets/Disabilities

Company
SCCI
Location
Austin, TX 78759
Industries
Aerospace and Defense
Job Type
Full Time
Employee
Years of Experience
5+? to 7 Years
Education Level
Associate Degree
Career Level
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Job Reference Code
2014-1341

Job Ad 10
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Kforce has a client seeking a Technical Writer Advisor to work remotely on a 6 month contract position that is based out of Austin, TX.Responsibilities:
Documentation writer will need to document processes, procedures, tech documentation, test plans, business continuity and disaster recovery plans, and there could be more.
Will participate as part of a larger transition project team for IT Asset Management.
Ability to write process and procedures, test plans, business continuity and disaster recovery plans
REQUIREMENTS:
Must Have- ITIL v3 - Foundation
Process Improvement - Six Sigma Green Belt
3 -5 years experience in IT Service Management: IT Asset Management (ITAM)
3 - 5 years experience in ITIL Practitioner Srv. Desk & Inc. Mgt. Service Management. Infrastructure
3 - 5 years experience in MS Office Suite-Excel 2003.Service Desk. Infrastructure
3 - 5 years experience in MS Office Suite-Word 2003.Service Desk. Infrastructure

Job Information
Location:
Austin, TX 78701
Job Status:
Temporary/Contract/Project
Career Level:
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Posted:
9/3/2014
Job Code: 
1300~WQG~1363152T1