The Technical Writer role is responsible for writing, creating and ensuring accuracy of all user documentation for Nextech products, including guides for both internal and customer training, support and implementation/product manuals.

All activities must be in compliance with Equal Employment Opportunity laws, HIPAA, ERISA and other regulations, as appropriate. 

Essential Functions: In addition to working in accordance with appropriate conduct and behavioral standards, specific responsibilities of this role include:

Creation of accurate, detailed formal release notes

Ensuring all documented online help is up to date

Creation of all feature documentation (i.e. NexERX) 

Writing all technical documentation for support and implementation

Create internal and customer facing release notes
Create release level technical documentation for support and implementation
Create release level FAQs  
Create product based FAQs
Administering the internal Microsoft SharePoint site for the entire company
This includes managing the release level content within the products area
Taking minutes during release level meetings and posting these within SharePoint
Assisting with other departments in posting and managing content
Manage online help content and documentation technology 
Other areas

Assisting with the creation and management of the support knowledgebase documentation 
Job Requirements
Minimum Requirements:

Ability to explain technical ideas in simple language and ensure technical verbiage is easy to understand by the layperson.

Ability to conceptually follow the development life cycle and write clear and concise policies and procedures as it pertains to product and usage

Excellent writing skills
2+ years of experience writing documentation (technical writing or related field)

Ability to collaborate and consult with internal stakeholders to obtain accurate information for documentation

Strong attention to detail

BA in technical writing or related field

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience writing technical documentation for software products

Experience in healthcare or the healthcare IT field
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Job Description
Concord Hospital is currently looking for a Clinical Documentation Specialist (CDS) to join their team! This is a great opportunity for experienced RN’s to grow their career! The ideal candidate will have a broad clinical knowledge base and understanding of DRG documentation requirements and enjoy working as part of a team.

The primary purpose of the CDS is to facilitate the improvement in the overall quality, completeness and compliance of clinical documentation in the medical record.  The CDS facilitates clarification of clinical documentation through extensive medical record review, interaction with physicians, nursing staff and other caregivers utilizing coding and clinical documentation expertise.   The CDS will manage a concurrent query process to accurately capture the appropriate documentation.   The CDS is also responsible for educating all members of the patient care team on appropriate documentation to support the use of hospital resources and the acuity of patients served.

Job Requirements
Required education included four years of formal training or education in specialty or related specialty beyond the high school level (e.g., Bachelor’s Degree).   Certified Coding Specialist (CCS) required and Professional Registered Nurse (RN) preferred

Experience required includes 4 years’ experience in the field and the demonstrated ability to effectively manage program operation
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Job Description
 
Technical Writer - (00002367)
Description
 
SUMMARY DESCRIPTION: Responsible for crafting, editing and coordinating digital communications, such as diagrams, models, design specifications and other appropriate documents as required. Draws on a familiarity with or knowledge of enterprise architecture, business architecture, programs & projects and activities to develop informational materials and to select and present information in a form and at a level suitable for the intended audience. These information materials may be for internal or external dissemination at all levels within the organization, and may include internal reports and publications; research protocols; education materials; summaries of programs, and reports of findings.
 
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work with Enterprise Architecture department to develop digital  documentation for architecture and program/project initiatives as well as improve document quality and usability
Reviews, develops, and edits complex written and graphical technical materials, including business/systems context diagrams, process model interactions, workflow diagrams, drawings, white papers, studies, and other materials
Ensures compliance with industry standards and best practices of style and format; excellent usage of the English language, and overall structure and organization of material to create professional documentation
 
 
Qualifications
 
 EDUCATION:  (Minimum formal education the job requires)
Associates degree required or equivalent work experience
Bachelor’s Degree preferred 
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:  (Minimum experience the job requires)
6-12 months experience preferably within an enterprise architecture team
KNOWLEDGE:  (Level of knowledge required to perform the job effectively)
Proficiency in MS Office Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint, Visio, Photoshop CSx
Experience in creating high level architecture and business diagrams
Experience developing engineering documentation for process, organization, business interaction
 
Work Locations: 300 Concord Plaza DR 300 Concord Plaza Dr  San Antonio 78216
: Full-time
 Variable
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Editorial Manager 
Scientific Writer 
Joint Inflammation Modulation of Trauma Program (JIMoT) 
San Antonio, Texas
The immune-inflammatory modulation of trauma program is a DoD major research effort focused on applied translational research aimed at reducing mortality and morbidity of severe combat casualty. Traumatic hemorrhage (TH) represents the leading cause of death from severe traumatic injuries in both military and civilian environments.

Our client is in need of a Scientific Writer to aid in their mission.

General Duties: 
• Edit, copyedit and proofread, as well as rewrite sections, and provide writing assistance. 
• Make analytical and technical reports clear and accessible to a broad audience, including Members of Congress, Congressional staff, researchers, and other members of the public. 
• Perform substantive editing, copyediting, and proofreading that may entail reorganizing drafts and rewriting sections, in addition to providing writing assistance. 
• Write articles and book chapters based on existing work, sometimes incorporating new source material, suitable for publication on a short turn around basis. 
• Perform substantive editing, copyediting, and proofreading that may entail reorganizing drafts and rewriting sections, in addition to providing writing assistance. 
• Coordinate and expedite the publication of public-facing material, receive and analyze feedback on the material from different audiences, and provide Program Director with advice on improving the quality of analytic materials. 
• Assist Program Director to prepare Investigator’s Brochure (IB) prior to IND filing with FDA.

Qualifications: 
• Minimal Masters in Biology or related field. MD or PhD in Health Allied Sciences is highly desirable. 
• Extensive experience (a minimum of 5 years) in writing peer-reviewed publications and/or successful research grants. 
• Experience in presenting scientific data and arguments at national scientific meetings. 
• Demonstrated (peer reviewed publication) ability to write and edit scientific reports as directed by Program Director Demonstrated (number and budget of research grant awards) ability to work with Principal Investigators and Program Director and secure medical research funding. 
• Familiarity with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and Good Clinical Practice /Good Laboratory Practice regulation, guidelines, and normal processes. 
• Assist principal investigators in preparing and filing clinical and pre-clinical research protocols with research subject protection and other clinical and preclinical regulatory bodies.

Salary commensurate with experience; full Benefits

Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Principal Medical WriterApply Now

Job Description : 
The Principal Medical Writer will research, create, and edit all documents associated with clinical research. This is a billable position. The Principal Medical Writer facilitates process improvement and technical mentoring/training.

Qualifications : 
Skills
•Excellent interpersonal, negotiation, verbal and written communication skills.
•Client focused approach to work.
•A flexible attitude with respect to work assignments and new learning.
•Ability to manage multiple and varied tasks with enthusiasm and prioritize workload with attention to detail.
•Motivation to work consistently in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment.
•Willingness to work in a matrix environment and to value the importance of teamwork.
•Team orientated.
•Leadership skills that include the ability to gain trust and confidence with a variety of clients as well as within the company.
•Demonstrated understanding of clinical research, the drug development process, and applicable regulatory guidelines.
•Knowledge of resource management and productivity metric management. 
•Advanced word processing skills, expertise in Word for Windows, ability to understand and adapt to various IT systems.
•Ability to travel.
Education
•Bachelor’s degree in Life Sciences/Health-Related Sciences or equivalent.
Language Skills
•Fluent in written and spoken English.
Minimum Work Experience
•Broad experience in preparation of all types of clinical regulatory documentation, including phase III studies. Experience in management of complex medical writing projects.


EEO Disclaimer : 
PAREXEL complies with all applicable federal, state, and local laws prohibiting discrimination in employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, age, race, color, religious creed, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Principal Medical Writer - Regulatory-14000003RX
 
 
AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV) is a global, research-based biopharmaceutical company formed in 2013 following separation from Abbott Laboratories. The company's mission is to use its expertise, dedicated people and unique approach to innovation to develop and market advanced therapies that address some of the world's most complex and serious diseases. AbbVie employs approximately 25,000 people worldwide and markets medicines in more than 170 countries.
 
Description
 
Medical Writing
   
Clinical Operations at AbbVie conducts/manages clinical trials and provides therapeutically aligned, scientific strategy and operations management for the planning, execution and reporting of clinical development programs to enable successful global registration and commercialization of drug development projects.  Areas within Clinical Operations include clinical program and study management, monitoring, document management, medical writing, safety management, clinical planning and resource management, systems support, “Standard Operating Procedure” training and compliance, and continuous improvement program management. We have a challenging opportunity for a Principal Medical Writer - Regulatory based in North Chicago, IL., reporting to the Assistant Director, Medical Writing - Regulatory.  

 
Primary Job Function: 
 
The Principal Medical Writer is responsible for providing scientific publications or clinical regulatory document support and advanced scientific writing expertise to the clinical teams, ensuring successful preparation of high quality submission-ready documents and effective implementation of the writing process. He/she provides medical writing expertise for multiple compounds and/or projects within a therapeutic area. This individual will interfaces with external groups (eg. PK, Toxicology, eSubmissions, Regulatory, Statistical Support, Data Management, Clinical, Publishing) to ensure accurate and timely completion/delivery of information and review of scientific publications or clinical regulatory submissions. The Principal Medical Writer serves as the scientific writing content expert for the department.
 
Key Responsibilities Include:
Responsible for compliance with applicable Corporate and Divisional Policies and procedures.
Implements all activities related to the preparation of scientific publications (e.g. abstracts, posters/oral presentations, manuscripts) or to the preparation and compilation of data and information into a single comprehensive package for new and updated clinical regulatory documents (US and ex-US).
Coordinates the review, approval, and other appropriate functions involved in the production of scientific publishing or clinical regulatory projects.
As assigned, provides direction and guidance to medical writers regarding assigned projects, including review of work product. 
Provides input and feedback to management regarding internal medical writers' work product/quality.
Serves as a department representative on project teams.
Communicates deliverables needed, writing process, and timelines to team members.
Converts relevant data and information into a form that meets clinical regulatory document requirements.
Ensures all clinical regulatory electronic document deliverables are processed and compiled in alignment with timelines.
 Assesses resource needs as timelines progress, and communicates those needs to department management.
Understands, assimilates, and productively interprets sources of information, with appropriate guidance/direction from product teams and/or authors. 
Interprets and explains data generated from a variety of sources, including internal and external studies, research documentation, charts, graphs, and tables.
Verifies that results are consistent with protocols.
Explains data in manner consistent with the target audience(s), journal/congress requirements, and/or clinical regulatory requirements.
Confirms completeness of information to be presented.
Challenges conclusions when necessary.
Understands/complies with appropriate conventions, proper grammar usage, and correct format requirements per journal/congress, ICH and other governing bodies by following applicable divisional guidelines, templates, and SOPs.
Performs literature searches as needed for drafting document content.
Interprets literature information and makes recommendations for application to scientific publications or clinical regulatory documents.
Acts as Subject Matter Expert for assigned clinical teams regarding computer-based technologies utilized by the respective departments (e.g. eDocs, eCTD, journal/congress databases).
Works with Regulatory Quality Assurance throughout clinical regulatory document audit process, answers questions during the audit process (as appropriate), and works with team to draft responses as necessary.
Maintains expert knowledge of US and international regulations, requirements and guidance associated with scientific publications or clinical regulatory document preparation and submissions.
Recommends, leads, and implements tactical process improvements.
Serves as medical writing lead on more complex scientific publications projects or clinical regulatory documents such as those associated with filings and dossiers.
Works closely with the Publication or Regulatory teams on document strategies.
 
Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled
 
Qualifications
 
Basic:
Bachelor of Science required, with significant relevant writing experience, or Bachelor's degree in English or communications, with significant relevant science experience.
4 yrs relevant industry experience in medical writing in the healthcare industry or academia required or in a related area such as quality, regulatory, clinical research, or product support/R&D.
High-level content writing experience and experience with all types of clinical publications or clinical regulatory documents required.
Preferred:
 
Masters or PhD in science discipline preferred with relevant writing experience.
American Medical Writing Association (AMWA) certification or other is preferred, with a specialty in Editing/Writing or Pharmaceutical.
2 years relevant industry experience preferred.
4 years experience in experimental design and clinical/preclinical data interpretation preferred.
Expert knowledge of US and international regulations, requirements and guidance associated with scientific publications or clinical regulatory document preparation and submissions and ability to advise teams regarding compliance with regulations.
Knowledge and expertise with Common Technical Document content templates.
Expert knowledge of current electronic document management systems and information technology.
Excellent written and oral communication skills. Expert in assimilation and interpretation of scientific content with adeptness in ability to translate for appropriate audience.
Working knowledge of statistical concepts and techniques.
Superior attention to detail and ability to find and correct errors in spelling, punctuation, grammar, consistency, clarity and accuracy.
Expert in word processing, flow diagrams, and spreadsheets.
Excellent working knowledge of software programs in Windows environment.
Extensive experience in working with collaborative, cross-functional teams, including project management experience.
Key AbbVie Competencies:
 
Builds strong relationships with peers and cross functionally with partners outside of the team to enable higher performance.
Learns fast, grasps the “essence” and can change the course quickly where indicated.
Raises the bar and is never satisfied with the status quo.
Creates a learning environment, open to suggestions and experimentation for improvement.
Embraces the ideas of others, nurtures innovation and manages innovation to reality.
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
Significant Work Activities and Conditions
 
Continuous sitting for prolonged periods (more than 2 consecutive hours in an 8 hour day)
 
Job Classification: Experienced
Job: CLINICAL RESEARCH
Primary Location: USA-Virtual
Organization: GPRD-Pharma R&D
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Travel: Yes, 5 % of the Time
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Medical Writer

Location:	Parsippany, NJ
Areas of Service:	Medical Education
Position #:	ME14-14
# of openings:	1
Description

Ogilvy CommonHealth Worldwide (www.ochww.com)—the health behavior experts of Ogilvy & Mather (www.ogilvy.com)—committed to creativity and effectiveness in healthcare communications, everywhere. With 56 offices across 32 markets, Ogilvy CommonHealth Worldwide provides marketing services including brand identity and development, clinical trial recruitment, digital/interactive services, direct-to-consumer, direct-to-patient, global integration, managed care marketing, market research and analytics, media planning and buying, medical advertising and promotion, medical education, public affairs and relations, relationship marketing, and strategic consulting. The network also offers scientific communications and publications services through a wholly owned separate legal entity. The organization houses and maintains individual Ogilvy CommonHealth and Ogilvy Healthworld brand identities within the marketplace and is a WPP company (NASDAQ: WPPGY, www.wpp.com).

To be considered for this position, please go to our website at: www.ogilvycommonhealth.com/careers and apply.  We offer excellent benefits and a great work environment. 

• Ideal candidate will provide scientific and clinical leadership in the development of all types of scientific materials, including peer-reviewed publications, publication plans, scientific communications, slide decks, as well as thought leaders and key educator materials

Objective

• A medical writer who can create high-quality communication materials (Word and PowerPoint) for a medical education company

Key Responsibilities

• Write high-quality scientific materials that will be used in a number of communication channels, including digital & print

• Develop outlines for highly scientific content with attention to factual accuracy, grammar, and style/consistency

• Moderate teleconferences as necessary

• Maintain current knowledge of assigned therapeutic areas and of up-to-date healthcare compliance guidelines and standard operating procedures

• Develop a clear understanding of the roles and responsibilities of clients

• Self-manage to adhere to agreed T&E schedules, budgets, and alert team to potential deviations and overages

• Attend and cover scientific congresses

• Interact with clients and attend client meetings

Key Requirements

• Doctoral level degree in biomedical sciences (PhD or PharmD).

• Training or extensive course work in cell biology and knowledge of/experience in the following therapeutic areas: oncology, neurology, and immunology

• 2 – 3 years of medical education, agency, or pharma experience preferred

• Ability to write high-quality, fully-referenced scientific materials, and to distill complex technical information for a variety of audiences

• Attention to style, detail, consistency, grammar, syntax, and scientific accuracy

• Familiarity with AMA style writing

We are an equal opportunity employer

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Medical Editor in Falls Church, Virginia
As a trusted systems integrator for more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology provides information technology (IT), systems engineering, professional services and simulation and training to customers in the defense, federal civilian government, health, homeland security, intelligence, state and local government and commercial sectors. With approximately 28,000 professionals worldwide, the company delivers IT enterprise solutions, manages large-scale, mission-critical IT programs and provides mission support services. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled 

Researches, prepares and edits technical documents.

1.	Researches, prepares and edits complex technical documents for publication, including users manuals, training materials, installation guides, proposals, and reports.
2.	Reviews, researches, and edits information for preparation of contract deliverables.
3.	Ensures documents meet editorial and customer specifications and adhere to standards for quality, graphics, format, and style.
4.	Interfaces with writers, illustrators, word processors, and subject matter experts in coordinating/preparing the edited draft for publication.
5.	Participates in the creation of proposals and multi-media presentation materials.
6.	Participates in the design and development of marketing brochures, conference programs, public relations announcements, and other materials when requested.
7.	Provides guidance and work leadership to less-experienced technical documentation staff members.
8.	Maintains current knowledge of relevant technology as assigned.
9.	Participates in special projects as required. 

Bachelors Degree in English, Journalism or a related discipline. 

5-8 years of related experience preparing and editing technical documentation. 

1.	Proficient in the use of Microsoft products to include Publisher and Access
2.	Excellent communicator. Must have the ability to communicate effectively in English, written and spoken, with leadership and peers
3.	Ability to work independently and interdependently as a high-performing team member
4.	Must have experience/understanding of the U.S. Military Health system.
5.	Must have knowledge of patient safety, risk management, quality management, and medical terminology.
6.	Experience in a healthcare setting preferred.
7.	Exercise independent judgment in the prioritization of tasks


Additional Information
Relocation	No
Security Clearance Level	ADP(I)
Security Clearance Basis	National Agency Check (NLC)
Security Clearance Polygraph	None
Job ID Number	226342
Job Function	Technical Operations (TechOps)
Potential for Deployment	No
Take Action
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Technical Writer (3748MH)
Back Apply 
Description

The American Medical Association (AMA), the nation’s largest professional Association of physicians, has a dynamic opportunity for the right individual.    In this role, you will work closely with the AMA Medical Education leadership team and Council on Medical Education staff, in collaboration with the Author Services Manager, to provide editorial and publishing support to authors in the Medical Education unit.  The key focus areas are to develop and coordinate publication strategies, provide editorial assistance, develop reports and summaries and to manage the author process.




Requirements

• Master’s degree in education or health professions-related field; doctoral training preferred.


• Seven or more years’ experience with health care publishing including roles such as author and editorial assistant.


• Demonstrated knowledge and expertise in critical evaluation of the medical literature.  Familiarity with common research methodologies.


• Demonstrated ability to work with multiple and sometimes changing or conflicting priorities, set reasonable workplans.


• Strong team orientation and skills needed to help others be successful.  Experience with coaching/mentoring desired.


• Excellent communication skills, including solid interpersonal skills, excellent writing skills, and effective presentation skills. 


• Demonstrated high level of attention to detail and ability to meet deadlines.


• Strong commitment to professional ethics and to partnership and publication standards.


In return for your expertise, the AMA also offers employees a unique opportunity -- to play a role in shaping the way health care is provided in this country.  We offer a competitive salary, and a comprehensive benefits package, as well as a convenient downtown location. 


To apply for this position internal candidates can complete an Internal Career Opportunity Application found on the AMA Intranet site, and submit it to Mary Hebein in Human Resources.  External applicants may apply by going to www.ama-assn.jobs and submit a resume. We hope to hear from you soon!  


We are an equal opportunity employer, committed to diversity in our workforce.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment.  As an EOE/AA employer, the American Medical Association will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant’s race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, and veteran or disability status.


THE AMA IS COMMITTED TO IMPROVING THE HEALTH OF THE NATION






Position Type
Full Time 

Assigned Departments
Computer and Information Management	Chicago
Medical Education	Chicago
Health Policy	Chicago
Publishing/Editorial	Chicago
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Medical Writer


The Medical Writer will be responsible for ensuring the preparation of manuscripts for publication,  and clinical documents for timely, consistent and accurate reporting in accordance with ICH guidelines, applicable regulatory requirements, Good Clinical Practices (GCPs), and standard operating procedures (SOPs).

Primary Duties and Responsibilities:

Under minimal supervision, conduct study design research using public sources including PubMed/Countway Library, Regulatory websites (i.e. CDRH, CDER) and Conference presentations (i.e. TCT, AHA, ACC). 
Compose, review, and proof-read medical communication documents (grants, manuscripts, abstracts, poster presentations, etc.) based on internal discussions, generating data figures and images, and incorporating post-review edits. 
Under minimal supervision, write and/or edit clinical protocols, clinical study reports, DSMB Charters, and other regulatory documents by conducting the following activities or ensuring the following activities have been accomplished:
Participation in Quality Deliverable meetings
Review of statistical analysis plans and other relevant documents
Management of timelines for document generation, revision and completion
Coordination and management of review cycles, comments’ incorporation and documents finalization
Interact closely with team members to ensure the accuracy of all documents, published manuscripts, slide sets and reports.
Actively participate in assigned project team meetings and provide scientific background information when needed.
Remain current with medical/scientific developments and publications in the assigned therapeutic areas.
Assist in the development and maintenance of SOPs and writing tools, such as templates and guidelines.
Complete all required training and work within HCRI established policies and procedures.
Other duties as assigned.
Secondary Duties: 

Participate in sales and marketing presentations
Represent the medical writing team during sponsor QA audits
Attendance at technical training meetings and industry meetings
Perform training seminars within HCRI, as required  
Skills and abilities required:

Minimum of five years clinical trials background is preferred

Experience writing all types of clinical and regulatory documents is preferred. Writing samples may be requested to demonstrate high quality scientific writing ability including manuscripts, protocols, study reports etc

A thorough understanding of the submission process for high impact journals

Expertise in multiple therapeutic areas (experience in cardiology is preferred, but not required)

Knowledgeable in industry trends for study reports

Knowledge of FDA and ICH guidelines is preferred

Comprehension of clinical research and statistical methods and ability to collate and summarize a broad range of scientific data

Must have an excellent command of the English language with attention to detail, grammar and syntax

Strong interpersonal skills to interact with scientists and management

Ability to work independently on multiple and complex projects in a fast-paced environment

Expertise of Microsoft Office, graphics packages (such as Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, etc.), and EndNote

Education and/or Experience:

Advanced degree (M.D., Ph.D, Pharm.D., C.C.RN) and preferably a minimum of 1 years of relevant clinical trial experience in the medical device/biopharmaceutical industry or CRO environment.            

OR

B.S./B.A., B. Pharm, M.S. with a minimum of 5 years of relevant clinical trial experience in the medical device/biopharmaceutical industry or CRO environment including 1-2 years writing clinical regulatory documents.
http://www.hcri.harvard.edu/working-at-hcri/job_opportunities/129-medical-writer
