Job ad #1:
Entry Level Sales - Full Training Provided!

Job Description

Entry Level Sales - Full Training Provided!

Buckhead Business Consultants, Inc is a premiere, privately owned and operated sales and marketing firm in Atlanta looking to fill ENTRY LEVEL sales and marketing positions.  

We will provide training in Sales, Marketing, Customer Service, and Management. The Business Account Consultant will be responsible for a particular territory, doing business to business outside sales presentations for our clients and customers, campaign management, and training a team of people. This position is ENTRY LEVEL, so no experience is necessary. Advancement to the Corporate Trainer and Management positions will only be given after a proven track record within the Business Account position.

In this Account Management Role, daily tasks include:

    Sales and marketing presentations to new business customers
    Client relations
    Customer retention and acquisition
    Training and development of associates to be successful in marketing and sales
    Small scale management


What Buckhead Business Consultants Offers You: 

    Fast paced environment where no 2 days are alike
    Performance rewards
    Merit-based, promote from within philosophy
    Recognition for hitting goals and working hard
    Management training program - entry level marketing and sales role into management position within 6-18 months
    Daily training and interaction with your management team along with autonomy throughout the day


All of our team members will learn:

    Sales
    Marketing
    Public Speaking
    Leadership
    Territory Management
    Team Management


All positions are ENTRY LEVEL so no experience is required.

Learn More About Us


Job Requirements
This is a full time position. The right candidate will be chosen only after several face to face one on one interviews. Candidates must be good with people and have a high level of integrity.  We provide hands on training to all hired candidates.

Requirements:

    Must be personable, energetic and positive and enjoy working with people daily
    Demonstrated critical thinking and problem-solving skills
    Interested in Sales and Marketing
    Ability to communicate effectively
    Ability to take risks and embrace innovation
    Demonstrated leadership potential
    2 year degree required

Opening in 2009, our team has grown by 300% and have expansion opportunities that require even more growth!  We are looking for team-oriented people with the ambition and self-motivation to begin in an entry level sales and marketing position and grow within the company.   


Job ad #2
 Internet Marketing Coordinator
ISC Sales - Plano, TX

Position Summary:
The Internet Marketing Coordinator is responsible for driving the creative direction for design elements for the company website. They will assist the Marketing Manager with ongoing internet advertising campaigns.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

    Add products and categories to the company E-Commerce website
    Find ways to improve current marketing efforts to attract more customers
    Make updates to the company website as needed
    Create and edit marketing literature for a wide variety of product lines.
    Create and administer email blasts for all of ISC’s product divisions

Other Duties and Responsibilities:

    Perform all other duties as assigned

Qualifications:

    Adobe Creative Suite Products (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign)
    Website Design (HTML, CSS, etc.)
    WordPress Publishing Platform
    Internet Advertising Campaigns (Google AdWords, Microsoft adCenter)

Preferred Skills:

    Search Engine Optimization
    Email Marketing Programs (Vertical Response, Constant Contact, IntelliClick, etc.)
    Customer Relationship Management Software (Sales Force, Gold Mine, etc.)

Education/Certification :

    1-4 years’ experience in Web Design with experience in a Business environment
    Associates or Bachelor’s Degree in Web Design, Graphic Design, or other related field

Required experience:

    Web Design with experience in a business environment: 1 year


Job ad #3
Marketing Coordinator
 Overview:

Metl-Span is a recognized leader in the advancement of insulated panel technology, serving the Architectural, Commercial, Industrial and Cold Storage industries with energy efficient and cost effective insulated metal wall and roof panels.  For the past fort years, we have not only helped shape our industry; we have set the standard for product design innovations and technology improvements.  in order to maintain this focus on quality, we continue to pioneer new research and expand our process capabilities.

 
Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled
Responsibilities:

The Marketing Coordinator maintains primary responsibility for supporting the marketing, advertising and public relations duties for METL-SPAN.  The Coordinator is responsible for how the brand is positioned in the market, and building a desired reputation for the METL-SPAN and all brands.  Candidates for the position must have demonstrated skills in results-oriented marketing, excellent writing skills, creating and implementing promotional initiatives and event marketing, content management, social marketing and online marketing programs. The Coordinator will be required to interact with internal and external resources in order to complete projects on time and on budget with minimal supervision.

    Copywriting for projects including, but not limited to, web, e-media, brochures, data sheets, direct mail, ads, newsletters, tradeshow graphics and social media campaigns
    Proofreading
    Conduct market and competitive research
    Analyze results of marketing campaigns, trade shows and public relations efforts
    Work in CRM and marketing automation tools
    Provide support in social media marketing strategies
    Managing promotional literature usage and inventory, coordinating with brand manager
    Concept and creative idea generation participation within the marketing team
    Support brand managers with marketing campaigns, trade shows and special events as needed
    Assisting with other projects as assigned


Qualifications:

This position requires the confidence and experience to assist in the management of advertising campaigns and marketing projects from inception through completion with excellent follow-through and attention to detail. Internet marketing and familiarity with print media marketing is required.

    2-4 years marketing experience or advertising
    Demonstrated understanding of digital marketing and social media platforms
    Content management and content marketing
    Analytic platforms and reporting
    Excellent verbal and written skills for print and website executions (samples required)
    Experience in B2B marketing; manufacturing, construction, commercial real estate, architecture or similar industry preferred
    Proficiency in Microsoft Office, particularly Word, Excel and PowerPoint
    Ability to manage multiple projects against tight deadlines with eye for excellence and minimal supervision
    Familiarity with CRM tools is a plus


Requirements

Submit 3 samples of your work. This work must include copywriting that you’ve
produced. Examples include press releases, sales brochures, newsletters, blogs,
etc.


Job ad #4
 Digital Marketing Specialist
Rain Harvesting Supplies Inc - Denton, TX
$15 - $17 an hour

Digital Marketing Specialist
We are looking for a digital marketing specialist to manage our SEO/SEM, social media, and all digital marketing strategies. Position is part time (desired 30 hrs a week) onsite with potential for full time. Candidate must have 2 years experience. Pay is $15-$17 an hour.
Responsibilities

    Plan and execute all web, SEO/SEM, marketing database, email, social media and display advertising campaigns
    Design, build and maintain our social media presence
    Measure and report performance of all digital marketing campaigns, and assess against goals (ROI and KPIs)
    Identify trends and insights, and optimize spend and performance based on the insights
    Brainstorm new and creative growth strategies
    Plan, execute, and measure experiments and conversion tests
    Collaborate with internal teams to create landing pages and optimize user experience
    Utilize strong analytical ability to evaluate end-to-end customer experience across multiple channels and customer touch points
    Evaluate emerging technologies. Provide thought leadership and perspective for adoption where appropriate

Requirements

    BS degree in marketing or a related field
    2 years working experience in digital marketing
    Demonstrable experience leading and managing SEO/SEM, marketing database, email, social media and/or display advertising campaigns
    Highly creative with experience in identifying target audiences and devising digital campaigns that engage, inform and motivate
    Solid knowledge of website analytics tools
    Experience in setting up and optimizing Google Adwords campaigns
    Strong analytical skills and data-driven thinking
    Up-to-date with the latest trends and best practices in online marketing and measurement

Required experience:

    Digital Marketing: 2 years


Job ad #5
Project Manager
Produce Results - Denton, TX

Produce Results is a leading full-service, Ad Agency based in Denton, TX. We worked with a wide variety of clients on a even wider category of marketing projects. For further information on Produce Results and the brands we serve, please visit www.produceresults.com .

The Successful candidate will have:
- 2-5 years project management experience preferred
- Advertising Agency / Marketingexperience a strong plus
- Bachelor's degree preferred
- Ability to manage a variety of projects simultaneously and work in fast-paced environment
- Ability to pay close attention to details
- Have a talent for organization

Job Summary:
The Project Manager is responsible for assisting the marketing team with the successful completion of client projects, ensuring client satisfaction. They will manage projects to ensure flawless execution of all tasks -- including assisting in organizing, managing and communicating with resources that deliver all the work required to complete a project within a defined scope, quality, timeframes and cost constraints. This position will manage all factors that govern project success to ensure high-quality delivery within time, cost and scope parameters, and assist with and manage high level projects with the support of a Senior Management Team.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities:
- Agency Processes - enforces a streamlined workflow of agency processes
- Intervals Project Management -- uses My Intervals time management software to ensure that all project documents are captured in the project and files are categorized and well organized
- Timelines - make sure each project is completed on schedule
- Customer Service -- serve as a liaison between clients and our team which can often require exceptional customer service and communication skills
- Resource Planning - assist with providing information to map out intended client projects in a capacity plan for review against other work in progress
- Scheduling - schedule projects from implementation to execution
- Oversight - manage the schedule throughout the project lifecycle to track progress and make necessary adjustments for any changes that may be necessary
- Approvals - secure approvals at all stages of the workflow process
- Quality assurance reviews - make certain our work meets our quality standards and that tasks and projects are completed properly to ensure client satisfaction
- Problem Resolution - monitor problem projects to ensure that issues are resolved satisfactorily and on a timely basis
- Centralized Communications - serve as the centralized communications point and ensure that all team members receive timely and appropriate project information
- Meeting Scheduling & Coordination - create/design meeting schedules to achieve effective communication and exchange information between all key stakeholders. Disseminate documents electronically & hardcopies for internal meetings
- Liaison - acts as the primary liaison among internal departments
- Creative Direction -- assist our team with communicating creative direction regarding project accounts from time to time

Applications Software Requirements:
- Adobe Acrobat
- Microsoft Office
- Internet Savvy
- Social Media Savvy
- Mac proficient

To Apply: Email Cover Letter & Resume to talent [@] produceresults {dot} com

The kind of work you can expect. . .
We're an agency, so we service lots of clients (over 500 to date.) We work with For-Profit as well as Non-Profit companies on a wide range of marketing efforts. We have worked with some of the biggest and smallest names in the corporate world. Ready for some name dropping? We're not a one stop shop and we do not focus on one idea as a solution. Our name defines our company well, as we believe in executing creative ideas that are going to Produce Results for our clients. YES, we tend to focus heavily on the creative nature of our projects--not just making them work, but making them SMART. We want to innovate, and we need your help to do just that.

Why work with us?
We offer a fun work environment and lots of autonomy. We look for individuals who want to make the place they work better both financially and socially. And... We offer an attractive benefits package that includes: paid health insurance, paid dental insurance, paid time off, Holiday pay, and performance bonuses.


Job ad #6
Senior Systems Analyst (macys.com)
Job Description

Job Overview

The Senior Systems Analyst will work within the macys.com site development team. This role requires strong Java application development knowledge, complex system design capabilities and excellent written and verbal communications skills. The successful candidate will help design and document technical details of new features and enhancements to our Ecommerce platform and application.

Essential Functions

Key responsibilities include but are not limited to:

    Work closely with product managers to develop excellent understanding of business needs; collaborate with architects and development teams to come up with high-level systems design that is aligned with Macy's reference architecture, technology roadmap, software development best practices, patterns and standards.

    Decompose high-level business requirements from Business and develop lower-level stories/tasks that can be readily assigned to various project team members (i.e: developer, QA, etc)

    Create and own system design documentation following standard templates; take initiatives to periodically review and recommend improvements to the templates as needs arise and to keep all documentation up-to-date.

    Act as subject matter expert (SME) in assigned business and technical domains with an excellent understanding of business and system processes, inter-relationship/dependencies/interactions among system components and how things work end to end. Act as the "go-to" person on high-level systems related questions.

    Collaborate with architecture and development teams to document assumptions and provide software development estimates for new business features, identify dependencies and risks, and work with team to minimize, mitigate and/or workaround risks.

    Communicate high-level design recommendations to a varied audience and obtain buy-in.

    Stay abreast of technology trends and leverage this knowledgein collaboration with Architect and Technical Development teamto recommend solutions to business needs.

    Assist QA and development teams in defining test strategy, acceptance criteria, bug fixing and issue resolution.

    Participate in technical feasibility study, solution architecture definition, proof of concept/technology and actively contribute toward the efforts.

    Build strong working relationships and teamwork with product managers, project managers, development teams and QA.


Qualifications

Education/Experience

The successful candidate will possess broad-based technical and business skills and proven leadership expertise in innovation. Specifically he/she must have an established track record demonstrating the following:

    BS in CS or MIS, or Engineering

    5+ years experience analyzing, clarifying and translating business/functional requirements into system requirements / specifications

    3+ years of experience with the following technologies/platforms required: Java EE, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) or Web services

    1+ year of experience in creating system interface specifications preferred

    1+ year of experience in documenting current and future states system process flow


Communication Skills

    Strong communication skills with the ability to work successfully with a highly diverse team

Reasoning Ability

    Strong analytical and problem solving skills.

    Proven ability to meet deadlines and comfortable with fast-paced development cycles


Other Skills

    Experience with Agile development methodology highly desirable

    Experience with E-commerce highly desirable


Company Profile

As the fastest growing part of Macy's Inc. business, macys.com is achieving record sales and broadening our workforce. With offices in New York and San Francisco, macys.com is the best of all worlds. The entrepreneurial thinking of a Web business complements the stability and support of a national brand. Creativity and ingenuity partner with business acumen and tech savvy to build a unique business poised for continued growth. Employees at macys.com have long term opportunities and are encouraged to utilize their Supervisors and Human Resources for cross-functional movement to further their careers. At macys.com we are committed to giving back to the community by partnering with local charitable organizations. By skillfully combining the power of the Internet with the best in retailing, macys.com is reaching new heights.

This job description is not all inclusive. Macy's Inc. reserves the right to amend this job description at any time. Macy's Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment.

Macy's Inc., including Macy's and Bloomingdale's, will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of SFPC Art.49.


Job ad #7
Account Executive
 Overview:

Blackhawk Engagement Solutions (BES), a new division of Blackhawk Network is dedicated to providing customized engagement, incentive and rebate programs for consumers, employees and sales.  We are a strategic partner with many of the world's leading brands and a thought leader that provides game-changing engagement solutions. Through our products, services and innovative technology, we inspire actions that impact results. If you are looking for a career, and not just a job; if you are looking for an opportunity to make a difference, and not just the routine; if you are looking for fun, as well as hard work, then consider BES as your next employment home. 

Position Objectives

The Account Executive is responsible for growing client revenue and profit after a client's first implementation.  Client life cycle management includes:

    Client Penetration – develop a strong understanding of clients business drivers and strategies with the goal of offering a broader range of parago incentive services to support these strategies
    Client Satisfaction - Improve client satisfaction by building relationships with key client decision makers and working with Account Management to deliver services that deliver client value.
    Manage client profitability and recommend ways to improve revenue and profit margin
    Communicate best practices as it relates to client needs and industry

Responsibilities:

    Proactively works with assigned clients to understand their business needs and opportunities to recommend ways BES can address their needs
    Regularly contact existing clients to: expand contact base (expand influence over more client departments and personnel), evaluate satisfaction with current parago services (at client and channel partner levels), and help identify areas for growth and improvement.
    Develop proposals to existing clients for expanded products and services
    Lead QBRs as prescribed for each client.
    Review reports generated for client activities, and recommend enhancements to the client’s program (including software and services) based on program performance and client goals.
    Develop account plans that are specifically aimed at delivering added-value to clients or prospects, whilst also generating incremental revenue for parago.
    Monitor client profitability, negotiate and renew contracts, and recommend ways to improve process efficiency for individual clients
    Establish best practices for client engagement throughout their lifecycle
    Take the lead on contract renewals, and recommend contract revisions
     “Own” the Client satisfaction tracking and reporting process, flag issues to management and recommend areas of improvement. Encourage client participation in satisfaction surveys
    Work with the sales department to assure a seamless transition from “prospect” to “client” for new accounts
    Learn parago software and services-- be prepared to demo parago products as needed. 
    Recommend enhancements for software and services based on client insight/requests

Qualifications:

    5 -7 years of indirect sales channel (ideally within the technology industry)
    Have experience working in a service capacity managing clients (e.g.: Advertising or marketing agency, or similar capacity)
    Minimum BA degree, MBA preferred
    Travel 3-7 days per month


Attributes:

    Strong strategic skills, with the ability to translate business problems into solutions
    Outspoken, seeks improvement on the status quo
    Demonstrated leadership and employee development
    Team player, considers all opinions

About Blackhawk Network
Blackhawk Network — pioneering leader in all things prepaid — partners with the best and biggest brands and retailers to provide a wide selection of desirable gift cards, prepaid digital products, prepaid telecom products and financial service products via a global distribution network. Our products can be found wherever consumers shop — both in-store and online — including grocery, mass merchants, convenience, specialty retailers, leading etailers, financial service providers and mobile wallets. And our patented technology and systems ensure smooth processing of prepaid transactions, accurate product delivery, targeted marketing programs and more.       
Blackhawk Network is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Blackhawk Network believes that diversity leads to strength.

Job ad #8
 Advertising Manager
The Journal Record - Oklahoma City, OK

The Journal Record, an award-winning daily general business and legal news source in Oklahoma City, has an opening for an experienced, strategic, innovative, and results-oriented Advertising Manager. This opportunity is for the candidate who has a keen understanding of digital and print advertising platforms and experience managing and motivating a sales team to achieve the annual sales budget. A strong understanding of audience based selling is critical. Experience in developing and executing sales strategies across multiple platforms including traditional and digital solutions ranging from display, digital, email, video, the core newspaper, sponsorships and niche publications, is vital.

The Advertising Manager hires, coaches and trains sales people and establishes strategic plans for growth of advertising revenue, seeks out the means of increasing market share, and generates ideas to grow our list of potential and active clients. In addition to managing the account executives, the advertising director maintains a list of major accounts.

List of responsibilities are:

    Oversee the daily operation of the advertising staff.
    Provide leadership-serve as mentor, coach and trainer for advertising department staff.
    Plan sales strategies to maximize revenue potential by understanding of market and possibilities of growth
    Hold weekly sales meetings and work with staff members on a one on one basis as needed.
    Coach the staff towards integrated sales solutions for their clients (web, paper, special sections, and classifieds and event sponsorships).

The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of media management experience.We offer competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits program. The Journal Record is part of The Dolan Company headquartered in Minneapolis, MN. EOE.

Required experience:

    Media Sales: 3 years

Job ad #9
 Business/Marketing Development Rep
Wound Care Specialists - New Braunfels, TX

Department: Development/Marketing

Position Summary
The Business Development Representative is responsible for all administrative aspects of development and public relations activities. The primary duty of a Business Development Representative is to give support to the sales department and the customer development relationship manager. A Business Development Representative also typically will be responsible for generating clients' data, solving their day-to-day queries, answering emails, and other customer-related interactions. The Business Development Representative must also maintain a customer database effectively to enable the easy and speedy recovery of a given customer's details. Apart from handling established customers' details, also attracts new customers for the company through various promotional and advertising methods. A Business Development Representative is also responsible for developing sales and marketing strategies to promote the company's products.

Principle Accountability

    Process referrals and prepare acknowledgement letters and other correspondence.
    Maintain foundation, corporation and individual files.
    Create monthly reports and other database reports as needed.
    Continually update and correct database records.
    Conduct preliminary research on prospective corporate foundation and individual physicians.
    Coordinate productions and mailing of spring and year-end appeal letters.
    Track database and keep a file for each physician referrals.
    Answer questions regarding wound and hyperbaric programs.
    Prepare media materials for distribution. (i.e. copying, filing, mailing, e-mailing)
    Assemble media and physician pamphlets for events and meetings.
    Other duties as assigned by the Director of Development.

Possible performance measures:

    Number of physicians processed and acknowledged within 24 to 48 hours.
    Success in maintaining accuracy of database records.
    Accuracy of physician reports.
    Success in coordinating the production of direct mail appeals.

Preparation and Knowledge

    Associates or bachelor's degree in a related field.
    Ability to conduct and perform presentation to physician under Director support.
    Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint Database management experience.
    Excellent verbal and written communications skills
    Ability to present information concisely and effectively, both verbally and in writing
    Ability to organize and prioritize work
    Ability to work independently with little supervision
    Excellent interpersonal skills
    Bilingual- preferred not required
    Reliable means of transportation

Required experience:

    Marketing Development: 1 year

Required education:

    Associate

Job ad #10
 Magazine Advertising Sales Rep - East Coast
Vacation Publications, Inc. - Houston, TX

We are looking for independent sales reps for our East Coast and East South Central territories for our two travel publications, Vacations and Travel 50 & Beyond .

Applicants should have at least five years of recent print sales experience – preferably travel sales in niche publications.

Top candidates will be highly self-motivated and comfortable working on a commission only basis with a proven track record of gaining new business.

Top candidates should be available for a visit to our publication offices in Houston to meet with the Publisher and Production and Editorial teams.

Job Type: Contract

Required experience:

    Print Advertising Sales: 5 years

Job ad #11
Ad Operations Trafficker
Team/Role: Ad Operations | Location: Chicago, IL

Rocket Fuel is a leading programmatic marketing platform that learns. Through artificial intelligence at big data scale, we optimize performance, awareness, and lift across channels for agencies and marketers. At over 1,000 employees strong, our bold and innovative team continues to reach new frontiers while fueling incredible success for our customers.

What you’ll do:

    Create and maintain ad campaigns in Rocket Fuel's proprietary ad server.

    Analyze campaign performance and make recommendations for optimization.

    Anticipate and identify issues with campaigns and creative.

    Debug and troubleshoot issues with campaign delivery and performance.

    Interact with account managers, engineers and partners on various ops projects.

    Identify process inefficiencies and ways to improve operations workflow.

Who you are:

    Quick learner who loves to pick up new tools/software for reporting & analysis.

    Organized, detail oriented and highly focused.

    Good technical communicator - can work with an Engineering team to build  features you need.

    People person – can work with Sales and Analytics teams to plan and optimize campaigns for performance.

    Cool under pressure and able to concentrate in the middle of any chaos.

    Creative problem solver, self-motivated and driven.

What you need:

    2 - 3 years trafficking experience. RTB/Programmatic buying experience a plus.

    Passion for online advertising and/or game-changing technology.

    Familiarity of how web sites and online ads work. HTML/JS/SQL a big plus.

    Eagerness to work in a start-up team environment that will be rapidly changing.

    You can use Excel and you’re not afraid of Pivot Tables.

    Familiarity with ad servers, rich media vendors, web debugging tools (Firebug, HTTPFox, Fiddler, etc.) a plus.

    Exposure to online ad serving concepts (CPM/CPA/RTB/ROI), video, mobile, social a plus.

    Flexibility to occasionally work at odd hours (from home).

    BA/BS with industry emphasis or related experience.

About Rocket Fuel:

#15 on Deloitte’s 500 Fastest Growing Technology Companies, Rocket Fuel has an active customer count of almost 1,500 that includes 96 of the top 100 Ad Age brands. Through Moment Scoring™, Rocket Fuel taps into a massive big data architecture to access informative, anonymous data about an individual. Our AI can then determine the likelihood that the consumer will engage with a specific ad, on a specific device, at a precise moment in time. Our staff of nearly 200 engineers ensure that Rocket Fuel solutions are the best in the industry and can scale to the needs of our data-driven system.

Born in the ad-tech crucible of the Silicon Valley, it wasn't long before Rocket Fuel grew into an indispensable partner for our customers. But our swift and sustained success wasn't luck; it was a result of a bold and innovative team tackling immense challenges at every step of the way.

Rocket Fuel has matured into a preeminent programmatic marketing partner now experiencing an exciting new wave of growth. Today, we rely on our talented employees more than ever before. That's why we empower our staff to make a unique impact by providing them the tools and resources needed to succeed, and we carefully nurture a culture that emphasizes individuality and a healthy balance between work and life.


Job ad #12
 Account Executive
WEAU 13 News - Eau Claire, WI
$60,000 a year

WEAU 13 News, Western Wisconsin’s NBC affiliate, seeks an aggressive, assertive, and customer-focused Account Executive to manage existing business while developing new business in a growing marketplace. Account Executive works directly with local businesses and advertising agencies to create effective marketing plans. Four-year college degree or equivalent experience in marketing or sales preferred.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

    Work with established station to creative effective marketing plans for local clients
    Establish strong relationships in the community through networking
    Participate in community events
    Makes sales calls on existing and prospective clients
    Maintains assigned accounts and develops new accounts
    Expedite station selling procedure to prospective clients
    Develops marketing plans with clients and station personnel responsible for creating client commercials
    Performs other duties as assigned

Requirements and Skills:

    Bachelor's degree in Marketing, Advertising or Mass Communications, or a related field, or an equivalent combination of education and work related experience
    Experience achieving long-range objectives and implementing the strategies and actions to achieve them
    Excellent communication skills, both oral and written
    Minimum one year's experience in sales, preferably in the media field
    Valid driver's license with an acceptable driving record
    Proficiency with computers, telephones, copiers, scanners, fax machines and other office equipment

Good driving record required. Email or send resume and cover letter to Executive Assistant, A/E Position, WEAU 13 News, P.O. Box 47, Eau Claire, WI 54702-0047. Deadline to apply is September 7. WEAU 13 News is a drug-free workplace. Equal Opportunity Employer. Gray Television participates in E-Verify.

Job Type: Full-time

Salary: $60,000.00 /year

Required experience:

    Sales: 1 year

Required license or certification:

    Drivers License

Required education:

    Bachelor's


Job ad #13
 Assistant Account Manager (Advertising)
Hub Strategy & Communication - San Francisco, CA

Are you an entrepreneurial self-starter, highly motivated problem-solver? Great, this seems like it’s going really well. Read on.

Hub is looking for an Assistant Account Manager to provide support and smarts to our teams on key agency business. We need someone who has the drive, organizational skills, and brains to help us keep things running smoothly. Someone who can demonstrate interest and experience in advertising/marketing communications, who has a proven ability to project manage and is ready to occasionally fly solo.

We’re the agency of record for the 49ers and the Oakland A’s, along with a number of other fun accounts. We pride ourselves on having a healthy work/life balance, and having a sense of humor here is not just appreciated, but required.

You will need to:

    Assist Account Managers and Account Directors in the day-to-day operations of the business: updating status reports, preparing/organizing for meetings, providing recaps of meetings, organizing account assets, creating schedules, managing budgets and billing
    Be detail-oriented and efficient
    Communicate confidently and effectively, with both clients and colleagues
    Be resourceful and driven to find solutions
    Have some familiarity with digital and print production
    Show good judgment, be motivated, relatively calm under pressure, and preferably fun to hang out with- we’re a small office, we want to spend our time with people we like and at least occasionally make us laugh

Desired Skills & Experience:

    Internship or other experience in the Marketing Communications business
    Demonstrated interest and enthusiasm for advertising
    Strong speaking and writing abilities
    Demonstrated project management skills – the ability to get stuff done on a schedule, in an organized and efficient manner
    No fear of budgets
    Proficiency with MS Office and Keynote

Due to the high volume of submissions, we will only be able to respond to applicants who we feel will be a good fit.

Company Description:
Hub Strategy & Communication is a small advertising agency in San Francisco with a creative network of about 100 freelancers, which allows us to deliver truly integrated marketing across all mediums. Our core group of account managers, strategists, and creative directors manage our freelancers as if they are on staff. And to our clients, it feels that way. We, in effect, become a creative and strategic hub (Hub, get it?) that allows us to match the right creative person with any given job. The proof is in the pile of creative awards displayed in our office. But it’s not the number of awards we’re proudest of, it’s the fact that we’ve won awards across so many mediums: print, web design, viral marketing, digital advertising, outdoor, package design, logo design, radio, television, and sales collateral.


Job ad #14

Senior Specialist, Content Copywriter (US15036)

    Region:
    The Americas
    Department:
    Marketing
    Job Type:
    Full-Time 

Senior Specialist, Content Copywriter

Role: Senior Specialist, Content Copywriter

Location: Houston, Texas USA

Company Description

Wood Mackenzie is the most comprehensive source of knowledge about the world's energy and metals industries.  We analyse and advise on every stage along the value chain - from discovery to delivery, and beyond - to provide clients with the commercial insight that makes them stronger. With around 1000 professionals in over 24 offices worldwide, we analyse the assets, markets and companies operating upstream and downstream; in oil, gas, coal,  metals and power generation.

Role Purpose

Working with our creative services and content marketing teams, the role holder will be responsible for translating value proposition of Wood Mackenzie into compelling commercial messages. Copy will be used by the Regional Sales & Marketing teams in the delivery of consistent global promotional marketing campaigns and sales initiatives.  

Key objectives include:

    Articulate the value proposition of Wood Mackenzie and its products and services in a way that it is relevant to our clients and prospects through the delivery of original copy, consistent with the Wood Mackenzie tone and style of voice.
    Develop creative ideas and concepts for new campaigns and initiatives, often in partnership with the content and creative services teams, and present ideas to colleagues and clients.
    Partner with the regional marketing teams to deliver marketing campaign copy and assets which support and feed into their marketing activities, and demonstrate the impact of these assets by establishing a feedback loop with the users.

Responsibilities

    Writing clear, persuasive, original copy, consistent with the company's tone and style
    Amending, revising or redeveloping content in response to feedback from the Content Editor, Head of Content or internal clients
    Proofreading campaign copy to check spelling and grammar, and whether tone is fitting with the Wood Mackenzie voice
    Working on several campaigns at once, sometimes under pressure and to tight deadlines
    Liaising with internal clients to interpret their briefs and understand their target audience and desired end result
    Establishing and maintaining relationships with key internal clients in the regional marketing and product & segment teams, through face-to-face meetings, telephone conversations and written communications.
    Leveraging these connections to gain a comprehensive understanding of Wood Mackenzie's products and services, their value to prospective clients, and the interaction and integration between them
    Working closely with the in-house Content and Creative Services teams to develop the messaging and assets required to execute global and regional campaigns
    Liaising with regional marketing teams to tailor messaging for current and planned local marketing campaigns and assets – such as email copy, exhibition stand messaging, tailored sales presentations, web copy, digital and print promotional materials
    Partnering with the users of the content – the regional and product & segment marketing teams – to ensure that assets produced are resonating with the target audience(s) and being an effective tool in campaign efforts
    Working with the PR team to deliver effective internal communications correspondence that conveys overall business goals and achievements. 
    Support broader editorial efforts across the business.

Knowledge, Experience and Skills Required

    Bachelors degree in Marketing, Advertising or Journalism or equivalent work experience.
    Minimum of three years professional copywriting experience
        Professional copywriting/journalism background
        Knowledge and experience of the energy industry would be advantageous, but not essential
        Experience in journalistic writing and content development
        Excellent written and verbal communication skills
        Able to demonstrate a commercial mindset and write compelling narrative
        Strong project management skills
        A customer-focused attitude and confidence dealing with multiple internal departments and stakeholders
        Able to adapt style and work across print, web and social media platforms
        High degree of accuracy and attention to detail 

Key Competences

    Communication
    Creativity
    Collaboration
    Building & maintaining effective relationships
    Client-focused  

EEO statement

Unsolicited resumes submitted to Wood Mackenzie by any external recruitment agency via Internet, e-mail, fax, or U.S. mail become the property of Wood Mackenzie and we are not responsible for any fees associated with those resumes.

In compliance with the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities act of 1990 and all other relevant federal and state laws, the policy of this company prohibits discrimination in employment because of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity and/or expression, age, veteran’s status, disability, genetic information or any other group protected by law. Applicants are considered for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity and/or expression, age, veteran’s status, disability, genetic information or any other group protected by law.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access WoodMac.com/careers on-line as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations sending an email to hrenquiries@woodmac.com.

Wood Mackenzie is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/V/D, and a member of E-Verify.


Job ad #15
Advertising Coordinator

    North Canton, OHFull-time

Company Description

Invent Now is a dynamic nonprofit organization that offers its employees, interns, and volunteers the opportunity to make a meaningful contribution to inspire creativity and innovation in America.  Learn more about us at www.inventnow.org.
Job Description

The Advertising Coordinator, with direction from the Marketing & Communications Manager, will support day-to-day implementation of advertising media initiatives for Invent Now programs. They will develop and maintain a comprehensive understanding of the programs to successfully disseminate the program’s value and messaging to a broad audience.   

    Secure local media placement weekly, monthly, quarterly, or yearly for all regions
    Research new advertising mediums for existing or new locations
    Correspondence with the Sales team to discuss ad placement, ad frequency, ad changes, promotions or any other advertising matter
    Daily correspondence with publication representatives to place ads, to send new artwork, to discuss contracts
    Negotiate contract pricing with publication representatives
    Maintain budget spreadsheets for each region
    Track invoices and compare actual cost to projected cost
    Maintain a Media Calendar to track when ads are due, when ads are running and when ads need to change based on discount deadlines

Qualifications

    Demonstrated experience with media placement for a national company 
    Excellent organizational and follow through skills 
    Impeccable writing, editing and proofing skills
    Ability to work effectively under pressure and respond to changing priorities, while adhering to deadlines 
    Bachelor’s degree in communications, marketing or related field  
    2 to 3 years experience as an ad buyer/media buyer within a marketing or communications role