Technical Writer

Job ID: 15000FRV

Job Location: Irving, TX

FRESENIUS CORE VALUES:

Fresenius Medical Care is a people business. Our success depends on having the best and brightest employees, and helping them attain their personal and professional goals while delivering excellence in patient care and business results. Our employees embody our culture which is based on six core values: patients and partners first, honesty and integrity, quality and compliance, collaboration, no-limits mindset and results oriented. These values support our promise to improve the quality of life of every patient every day.


PURPOSE AND SCOPE:

Develops, writes, and edits material for reports, protocols, procedures, and related technical and administrative documents in print or electronic media by performing the following duties.


PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:


    Manages, executes, and reviews scientific and procedural writing activities associated with multiple projects; coordinates scientific writing activities within and across departments; functions as an active participant in project team meetings; reviews the literature and provides summary information on various topics and provide editorial support.

    Maintains familiarity with changing internal company standards and external regulatory standards for FDA, ISO, ICH, Health Canada, and cGMP guidelines relative to the life science field.

    Oversees project teams with regard to format, style, diction, and consistency, and ensures the use of templates available.

    Writes/edits documents to ensure concise, clearly written documents in which scientific data, interpretation, and conclusions are accurately and robustly communicated.

    Creates, reviews, and recommends photographs, drawings, sketches, diagrams, and charts to illustrate material.

    Maintains records and files of work and revisions.

    Normally receives general work instructions on routine work, detailed instructions on new projects or assignments.

    Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situation or data requires a review of a variety of factors.

    Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action.

    Builds productive working relationships.

    Assist with various projects as assigned by direct supervisor.





PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS:

The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

May wear personal protective equipment. May occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.

While performing the duties of this Job, the employee may occasionally be exposed to moving mechanical parts, fumes, or airborne particles and toxic or caustic chemicals.


EDUCATION:

Bachelor’s Degree (B.S.) or (B.A.) required in a related writing field or scientific discipline (Engineering, Chemistry, Microbiology, etc.)


EXPERIENCE AND REQUIRED SKILLS:


    At least 2-5 years of experience in Quality Assurance and/or Quality Control in a manufacturing environment

    Experience in the medical device, pharmaceutical, or related industry is strongly preferred

    Excellent intrapersonal skills and ability to develop positive relationships at all levels of the organization

    Excellent written and verbal communication skills

    Ability to work cross-functionally

    Strong PC skills with MS Office Products, including but not limited to Word, Excel, Visio, and PowerPoint



Job Description

Summary of Duties and Responsibilities

The Stream (stream.org) seeks a proofreader/posting assistant. The person will work under the direction of the deputy managing editor to proofread news and commentary pieces; prep finished articles in the WordPress content management system; select and add appropriate photos to posts from our stock of Getty, iStock and AP Image photo libraries; scan the live site for typos and other glitches; and occasionally write headlines and curate fresh content from AP and from other sites. The proofreader/posting assistant also will promote the site’s articles through social media and may, if he or she wishes, eventually seek to write and get approved for publication the occasional news article or short, bylined commentary.

Qualifications and Competencies

The elements below describe the knowledge, skills and experience required:

    Strong proofreading skills
    Minimum typing speed of 45 wpm with minimal errors
    Full and reliable access to reliable internet with sufficient speed to download and process photos and videos
    Willingness to perform routine work prepping finished articles inside the WordPress content management system, and the ability to do so consistently and reliably
    Ability to write concise headlines that connect with The Stream’s audience
    Ability to recognize compelling, appropriate articles to aggregate from mainstream and conservative news sites, blogs, social media, radio and television
    Capacity to work cordially with Catholic, evangelical, Orthodox and Jewish writers and editors
    Basic familiarity with, and appreciation for, the mainstays of conservative thought
    Ability to write clearly, concisely and grammatically
    The ability to perform in an organized, conscientious and reliable manner

Salary: $12.00 to $15.00 an hour

Education Level: 2 years or more of college

Editorial Mission

The goal of The Stream is to provide a winsome and engrossing source for daily news as well as commentary championing the principles of ordered liberty, limited government and indispensable human dignity. In all subject areas the editorial staff will strive to reflect a Judeo-Christian perspective, often implicitly, and work together to cultivate the high common ground shared by theologically conservative evangelicals, Catholics and Orthodox Christians, including the important ground shared by Christians and Jews.

Longing to work for a forward-thinking, fast-paced tech company? Catapult your career by joining Corptax, the market leader in business process and automation solutions for corporate tax. Our cloud-based applications set the trend for financial technology, and attract tech-savvy individuals who get an adrenaline rush from creative success. You’ll hang with some of the brightest tax technology minds in Plano, and improve business processes for the world’s most recognizable companies. Our casual, high energy setting fosters independent thinking and new ideas. A solid salary and benefits package complements your professional growth for a new level of job satisfaction. We are seeking highly motivated, enthusiastic individuals to join Corptax in our Plano, TX office. Visit our website at: http://www.cscglobal.com/careers.

Skills

    Experience using a single source authoring tool
    2-5 years’ experience writing or editing technical documents
    Experience using Adobe Creative Suite (InDesign/Illustrator, Acrobat, Dreamweaver)
    Experience with HTML/XML
    4-year degree/certification in technical communication or related field

Responsibilities

    Edit, clarify, and proofread documents written by peers and subject matter experts in a timely manner
    Develop positive, collegial relationship with peers
    Demonstrate a positive attitude toward the work environment
    Promote skills development across the department
    Perform effectively as a team member
    Foster an environment where every level offers ideas to improve any aspect of the team (e.g. efficiency, process, morale)
    Promote teamwork across the organization
    Provide peers with assistance
    Read business and professional publications and share knowledge, innovations and approaches with others
    Adapt to change in projects and the organization
    Communicate issues or risks to project leads
    Seek opportunities to fulfill goals in career plan, such as training or project tasks.
    Mentor Technical Writers with career development
    Apply the Commitment to Excellence ensuring the quality information is developed for our customers
    Understand and anticipate customer business needs
    Proactively search for opportunities to exceed customer expectations
    Build and maintain strong customer relationships

The duties and responsibilities described outline the general nature of the job and are not intended to be an exhaustive list of responsibilities. Additional responsibilities, expectations and qualifications may be assigned as required by senior management.


Summary:

THIS IS A CONTRACT ROLE AND IS NOT FOR FULL-TIME, PERMANENT EMPLOYMENT!!!

The Analyst, Knowledge Management II, will support the planning, implementation and execution of process improvement initiatives. This position will assist in evaluating existing processes and facilitating the documentation of policies and procedures through collaboration and interfacing with subject matter experts and/or cross-functional project teams. This position will collect data to identify root cause analysis and provide recommendations of best practices to business owners as it pertains to KMS search results and categorization of content within KMS. This position will support the development of MS workflow, content categorization and search results changes based upon data analysis conducted and business owner sign-off. This position will also be the Knowledge Management Solution (“KMS”) liaison for the functional areas and provide infrastructure support.

Essential Functions of the position:

Supports the creation and refinement of company policies and procedures, including but not limited to administrative operations and management controls including standard practices, operating procedures, management systems, and reporting documentation.
Supports KMS system changes as it pertains to workflow, content categorization and search results.
Supports the development and/or coordinates improved policies, methods, procedures, instructions, and forms to achieve greater operations efficiency and cost-effectiveness.
Act as liaison with other departments and functional areas by leveraging the Knowledge Management Solution (KMS) to disseminate information to internal partners and external customers.
All other related duties as assigned

Knowledge and Skills:

Requires an excellent understanding of standard business practices related to automotive financing and call center operations
Requires advanced writing skills
Requires strong interpersonal and communication skills
Requires time management, organizational and planning skills
Ability to work both dependently and as a part of a team

Education and Experience:

Bachelor's Degree or related work experince
Three (3)+ years relevant experience, automotive finance industry preferred
Background in financing and call center operations. Preferred: Experience in system management, training or compliance with previous assignments that include the writing of procedures

Senior Writer Documentation and Training

At Apptricity, we are pioneering radical shifts in the enterprise software experience. Apptricity Corporation provides innovative mobile enterprise software for supply chain management and integrated financial management to organizations worldwide. Apptricity software and solutions mobilize any enterprise with unprecedented levels of real-time information and business intelligence so management has visibility into every action and transaction within the enterprise and among its partners, customers and suppliers. Powered by Apptricity JetStream platform, our solutions enhance legacy enterprise applications and extend the value of information technology investments. Our platform enables us to address the universal objectives of business, government and the military with accelerated business processes and command visibility.

Apptricity is searching for a results oriented, multi-faceted writer to produce quality functional and technical documents for a wide range of audiences, while leading and mentoring a team of other writers.

The ideal candidate will have the expertise and experience required to produce accurate, on-time software documentation including user manuals, administration guides, help content, installation guides, quick reference guides and other internal and external documents. In addition, this person will also write scenario based, hands-on training materials, both teacher and student guides, used in instructor-led, multi-day classes. Overall, this person will be the lead writer for all customer-facing educational materials to help determine the voice of Apptricity regarding how our products work and should be used.

Candidates must be self-guided learners, able to work successfully with minimal guidance and direction, rapidly learn a wide variety of software applications then write and properly edit compelling and complete documentation, in a variety of formats, in a timely manner.
Responsibilities:

    Lead the direction and timelines for all customer-facing education materials, both product documentation and instructor-led training
    Make decisions on additions and changes to the corporate documentation style guide
    Become a Subject Matter Expert (SME) by conducting thorough research and building quality relationships with other internal and external SMEs
    Produce and deliver technically accurate, high quality, on-time documentation based on a thorough understanding of internal/external client expectations
    Write in a variety of formats and voices, depending on the desired audience (i.e., instructor-led training, user guides, administrative documentation, quick reference guides, etc.)
    Update existing materials and write new materials from scratch
    Review documentation written by all other writers, ensuring consistency, accuracy and formatting meets the style guide standards
    Work closely with other internal groups to ensure information is accurate and consistent
    Track and report project status for all writers at predetermined intervals, as well as departmental briefings to senior management as requested
    Manage and track team activities, priorities, roadblocks and other details

Job Requirements:

    Bachelor's Degree is required
    Minimum of five years experience writing a mix of software documentation guides and instructor-led training materials
    Minimum of one year leading a team of writers, setting the direction, voice and timelines
    Superior writing skills explaining and teaching software applications
    Detail-oriented and meticulous to ensure consistency in the writing process
    Knowledge of writing best practices and the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
    Ability to learn new software products quickly, write about them clearly and edit other writers materials successfully
    Ability to successfully prioritize, organize and manage several tasks simultaneously
    Ability to effectively understand and communicate complex business software processes
    Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to lead a team by example, work with other teams across the company, and work independently as each is required
    Effective time management and project management skills
    Ability to accurately estimate and meet project timelines
    Strong work ethic and positive attitude
    Advanced level experience with a variety of documentation tools such as FrameMaker, Robohelp, PowerPoint, and SnagIT
    Additionally, experience delivering instructor-led training, writing and editing e-learning modules, and/or knowledge of Learning Management Systems (LMS) a definite plus


Tax Technical Editor—Tax Generalist

Tax Technical editors are experienced CPAs EAs or attorneys who have at least five years of broad-based tax practice experience, including extensive tax return preparation. Technical editors must have the ability to execute assignments in a timely, competent manner, and identify update features, practical insights, and other improvements to our products. Based on their extensive practice experience, technical editors also assist in the design and development of new products that help our customers (tax practitioners) practice more effectively and profitably.

Candidate will use extensive tax practice experience to design and develop unique tax guidance and electronic tools that provide practical, easy-to-use guidance for our customers. This includes applying technical expertise and exercising professional judgment in identifying relevant topics to address, planning tips, compliance tips and possible traps for the unwary. It also includes designing useful practice aids and other tools. Projects must be completed in a timely manner and within budget.

Other job responsibilities include:

    Working closely and effectively with other project team members, including other tax editors, outside authors and in-house content management and software development personnel to ensure that deadlines are met and that guidance is practical and accurate. Technical editors also work with in-house customer service, tech support, and sales personnel to ensure that our customers' needs are properly identified and supported.
    Talk to customers (CPAs,EAs and attorneys in tax practice) to determine their needs, and ensure that our products are responsive to those needs. Identify new product development opportunities based on current technical developments, results of customer input and personal experience and expertise.
    Actively participates in professional organizations (such as national, state and/or local chapters of CPA and EA Societies and Associations) to seek out and work with known specialists who may serve as product reviewers and/or outside authors.
    Researches technical inquiries received from customers and provide answers based on Thomson Reuters publications and specialized knowledge and experience.
    Monitors competitive products and recommend appropriate response.
    Assists with marketing and strategic development projects upon request from Directors, Senior Managers, and Executive Editors.




We are the leading source of intelligent information for the world's businesses and professionals, providing customers with competitive advantage. Intelligent information is a unique synthesis of human intelligence, industry expertise and innovative technology that provides decision-makers with the knowledge to act, enabling them to make better decisions faster. We deliver this must-have insight to the financial and risk, legal, tax and accounting, intellectual property and science and media markets, powered by the world's most trusted news organization.

Qualifications

    CPA or Enrolled Agent required

    Manager or Senior Manager with over 5 years experience in public accounting or comparable relevant professional/corporate experience, including broad-based technical tax knowledge and strong technical research skills

    Knowledge of the subject matter of PPC and Quickfinder tax products

    Ability to execute assignments in a timely, competent manner, and identify update features, practical insights, and other improvements to our products

    Excellent oral and written communication skills

    Ideal candidate would be a manager or senior manager with a Big 4, large or mid-sized accounting firm, who is looking for a professional environment with work and family balance


Job Description

Longing to work for a forward-thinking, fast-paced tech company? Catapult your career by joining Corptax, the market leader in business process and automation solutions for corporate tax. Our cloud-based applications set the trend for financial technology, and attract tech-savvy individuals who get an adrenaline rush from creative success. You’ll hang with some of the brightest tax technology minds in Plano, and improve business processes for the world’s most recognizable companies. Our casual, high energy setting fosters independent thinking and new ideas. A solid salary and benefits package complements your professional growth for a new level of job satisfaction. We are seeking highly motivated, enthusiastic individuals to join Corptax in our Plano, TX office. Visit our website at: http://www.cscglobal.com/careers.

Skills

    Experience using a single source authoring tool
    2-5 years’ experience writing or editing technical documents
    Experience using Adobe Creative Suite (InDesign/Illustrator, Acrobat, Dreamweaver)
    Experience with HTML/XML
    4-year degree/certification in technical communication or related field

Responsibilities

    Edit, clarify, and proofread documents written by peers and subject matter experts in a timely manner
    Develop positive, collegial relationship with peers
    Demonstrate a positive attitude toward the work environment
    Promote skills development across the department
    Perform effectively as a team member
    Foster an environment where every level offers ideas to improve any aspect of the team (e.g. efficiency, process, morale)
    Promote teamwork across the organization
    Provide peers with assistance
    Read business and professional publications and share knowledge, innovations and approaches with others
    Adapt to change in projects and the organization
    Communicate issues or risks to project leads
    Seek opportunities to fulfill goals in career plan, such as training or project tasks.
    Mentor Technical Writers with career development
    Apply the Commitment to Excellence ensuring the quality information is developed for our customers
    Understand and anticipate customer business needs
    Proactively search for opportunities to exceed customer expectations
    Build and maintain strong customer relationships

The duties and responsibilities described outline the general nature of the job and are not intended to be an exhaustive list of responsibilities. Additional responsibilities, expectations and qualifications may be assigned as required by senior management.

Job Description

Responsibilities:

    Responsible for the development, maintenance, management, and delivery of technical information or documentation to the appropriate audiences in the appropriate standard formats via print and online mediums. Responsible for using and/or developing industry and technical writing practices and procedures.
    Experience preparing technical documentation. Works directly with systems analysts and developers to write and edit program and system documentation, user manuals, training courses and procedures. Utilizes word processing, presentation, and Web authoring applications.

Qualifications:

    Service Experience 3+ years
    Systems Experience: Has worked on multiple system in sequential fashion
    Works substantially with little supervision or oversight to deliver key milestones
    Technical Writing required 3 years
    Deep knowledge of specific technologies and new and current architectures
    Lean/Agile experience desired but not required
    Writing: Strong; Demonstrated experience supporting requirements, data and systems analysis
    Tools: Experience developing content for interactive media
    Communication: General experience dealing with several clients




Senior Technical Writer - Healthcare

The newly formed IBM Watson Health business unit is now looking for talented individuals destined to usher in the next era of healthcare. We live in a moment of remarkable change and opportunity. The convergence of data and technology is transforming healthcare and life sciences organizations in every way.

Phytel (an IBM Company) is the premier company empowering provider-led population health improvement. We provide care teams with proven technology to deliver timely, coordinated care to their patients. The SaaS-based registry uses evidence-based chronic and preventative care protocols to identify and notify patients due for service while tracking compliance and measuring quality and financial results. Phytel is the 2014 Best in KLAS category leader for population health management.

Responsibilities

Works with product owners and trainers to develop and maintain end-user, administrative, and configuration documentation for all customer-facing and internal user documentation, including product release notes
Develops documentation and style standards and ensures all documentation meets requirements
Facilitates cross-functional discussions to solicit accurate information, capture requirements and review comments, and verify accuracy of documentation
Develops printed material that leverages existing online material. This may include end user reference manuals or training guides.
Develops an integrated documentation process for end-user training that could include print, online, and asynchronous training materials.
Interfaces with the scrum teams, implementation, sales, and support organization to deliver user guides, training materials, and any other material that will assist end users with the understanding, configuration, implementation, and use of our product.
Ensures product documentation needs are completed to coincide with product release schedules.
Collaborates with the team to learn software as well as maintain current on changes and new features.

Requirements and Skills

Requires 7+ years experience in the technical or instructional documentation field, with experience creating end-user documentation, engineering documentation, and training modules. (Must be able to show work product samples)
Requires 3+ years developing documentation for commercial software products.
Solid knowledge of the documentation process from design to commercial release
Strong organizational, writing, interviewing, and verbal communication skills.
Experience with XML/DITA and content management systems, preferably IBM DITA, ID Workbench, and the IDCMS system.
Preferred experience with Adobe Framemaker.
Demonstrated ability to turn complex concepts into understandable documentation, presentations, and training materials.
Experience developing user-friendly, custom-facing knowledge for a variety of audiences and learners.
Ability to multi-task, work with minimal supervision, and successfully interact with others at all levels.
Demonstrates excellent judgment in prioritizing own work and communicating about workload and schedule with others.
Ability to work independently, with minimal supervision
Provides estimates and target dates for all assignments.
Meets deadlines, notifying manager of issues and risk.
Organizes material and complete writing assignment according to set standards regarding order, clarity, conciseness, style and terminology.
Excellent creative and technical writing, editing and coordination skills
Stays abreast of technical communications trends and authoring software.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.

Education

Bachelor's degree in English, Journalism, Computer Science or Engineering or equivalent experience, with demonstrated expertise in Instructional Design, Technical Writing, or its equivalent.


Job Description
Miller Consulting Services (MCS) is a woman-owned business based in the Dallas/Fort Worth area. MCS has become a top vendor for our clients, which include many Fortune 500 companies, by providing effective, customized solutions for client needs. MCS provides high-quality products and services in the areas of technical documentation, regulatory compliance consulting, and data management for the Oil and Gas Industry.

The selected candidate will perform technical writing duties to develop, format, edit, and publish documentation to meet client needs. The candidate will use provided checklists and process documents to ensure document quality. The candidate may be required to interview Subject Matter Experts (SMEs), gather and review data and documentation, and develop new content based on those interviews/reviews. Additionally, the candidate will provide support to other team members, review project deliverables prior to release, and communicate with Project Manager and Client Manager. Facilitating a strong relationship with the client and other team members is a critical part of this position. This position is located at the MCS office in Lewisville, TX. Travel up to 10% may be required.



The Company: Stewart, Cooper & Coon provides career coaching and career management services for transitioning executives. We place executives throughout the United States. We have an A+ rating with the Better Business Bureau (BBB) and are a Licensed Employment Agency.


Our Clients: Our clients are widely diverse in terms of industry and skill, seeking positions at the Director through C-Level.


Work Virtually: Our writers work virtually.
Required Work and Credentials: Applicant must have demonstrated three years of experience writing LinkedIn profiles for executive-level clients. Applicant must have the ability to collaborate with our career coaching professionals. Applicants must be able to learn to navigate our online system and software and transform a client’s online worksheet information into a cohesive, professional LinkedIn profile within a restricted time frame.

The following are some of the duties required of each applicant.


Professional LinkedIn Profile Critique & Written Report – Prepare a written LinkedIn profile critique for each assigned client, based upon the client’s objectives and include in this written analysis comments on text-links, blog links, photo, brand recognition, content organization, summary, flow, focus, connectivity. If there are changes required to a client’s profile, these will be identified in the written report. These comments will help the client optimize their LinkedIn profile and allow their profile to be discovered by recruiters and companies searching for their key skills and competencies.


LinkedIn Profile Build – Applicant must be able to construct a LinkedIn profile using available information focusing on the following areas:


Header Construction – Construct a proper header that will catch a corporate recruiter’s eye.


Summary – Write and lay out a powerful summary section to clearly demonstrate our client’s value add to any company reviewing the summary.


Work Experience – Extract information from either a current resume or our client online worksheets to capture work history into the client’s LinkedIn profile.

Top Skills – Develop a client’s top skills using their SC&C online worksheets and other documentation.


Group Recommendations – Analyze each client’s situation and, in collaboration with the SC&C coach, make recommendations on groups that the client should join to effectively increase the client’s online visibility.


Reasonable Changes To LinkedIn Profile –Be prepared to make a reasonable number of changes to profiles the applicant has constructed for the client, should the client not be satisfied with the profile submitted by the applicant to the client.


Assist with Uploading of Client's LinkedIn Profile – Must be available to walk the client, via telephone, through a successful upload all recommended changes to the client’s LinkedIn profile.

We seek your creativity and your ability to work within these guidelines to visually enhance the client’s LinkedIn profile. Successful applicants will have both verbal and written communication and fact-finding skills.
Professional Improvement: We conduct monthly discussion sessions via telephone, where our branding team contributors can get together in concert with fellow writers, and participate in discussions concerning writing quality, current writing trends and methods to be deployed to improve written products we deliver to our clients.
Quality of Work Proof Required: To be considered for this position, all applicants must submit three LinkedIn profiles they constructed for executive level clients.
Compensation: Your income is a fixed price and is project based.
We will ONLY CONSIDER United States or Canadian applicants who speak and write U.S. English.
WE WILL KEEP YOU BUSY EVERY DAY.
The screening process is currently open and decisions regarding all applications will be made within the next month.

Job Description
Creates, develops, plans, writes and edits operational, instructional, maintenance, test or user manuals for paper, multimedia or web-based publications. Contributes to the timely design, production and delivery/completion of product documentation and document sets.
As a member of the technical writing division, you will design, create and deliver whole product documentation sets and/or related courseware. Edit, organize and direct the work activities of other technical writers and staff. Plan the format, arrange the layout of publications and edit work for conformance to publication standards and specifications.
Duties and tasks are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience.
Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.



The Technical Writer/Instructional Designer will join Oracles industry-leading Service Cloud Information Development team in creating technically accurate documentation and engaging video demos for diverse audiences. In this position, you will be developing video demos in multiple styles and formats for both internal and external users.



In this position, you will work with subject matter experts to plan, research, and write scripts for demos and for our cloud-based applications. You will also create and maintain video demos, including recording software simulations and voiceovers. You will work with our developers, quality assurance engineers, product managers, and others to understand the behaviour and nuances of our products. You will be expected to work directly with the product, and create conceptual and procedural video demos that are clear, accurate, and engaging.



Oracles products are complex enterprise applications with extensive user customization possibilities. Every product feature is part of a larger business process, and you will need to understand the entire process to competently explain it to your audience. You'll be collaborating with writers and you should enjoy the challenge of learning more than just what you're working on. Expect to work in a demanding and fast-changing environment, and to extensively use your own judgment. And, on top of that, you should be an excellent writer and speaker.



As part of this team, you will be designing and developing creative and engaging videos demos and tutorials on Oracle Service Cloud.
*Responsibilities:*
* Create interactive and conceptual multimedia learning materials for a varied audience.

* Work with subject matter experts to identify what users need to learn.

* Develop objectives and ensure content matches those objectives.

* Update existing scripts and video content when features and products change.

* Adapt materials to publish content in various formats.

* Create user support documentation, online help, tutorial scripts, release notes, and upgrade documentation.

* Manage complex documentation projects and balance multiple tasks in a dynamic environment with mobile deadlines.

* Work with software engineers and product managers to ensure accurate and complete documentation.

* Work with other Oracle teams to discover where our users need the most assistance.

* Support internal users such as professional services engineers and sales representatives, helping them locate and understand the documentation and updating documentation to address immediate needs.

* Learn and explain recommended practices for features and processes.

* Provide feedback to developers about product usability.

* Communicate with team members to share information, ask for help, and offer assistance.

* Work with multiple teams to create special projects for internal and external use.

*Required Knowledge, Skills, Abilities, and Background: *
* BS degree in Technical Communications, English, Instructional Design, Computer Science, or commensurate experience in a technical or scientific field.

* Experience writing task-based documentation for software.

* Ability to simplify complicated software tasks and turn them into interactive learning materials.

* Ability to take difficult business concepts and create easy to follow conceptual video demos.

* Experience with advanced desktop-publishing and content-development tools.

* Exemplary grammar, spelling and punctuation skills.

* Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

* Enjoy hands-on, exploratory learning with complex software.

* Come up to speed quickly on new projects.

* Work well under pressure and meet strict deadlines.

* Acute attention to detail.

* Thrive in a team-oriented environment.

* Ability to spend hours working on repetitive tasks.

*Preferred Knowledge, Skills, Abilities, and Background:*
* Knowledge of eLearning application tools such as Captivate, Camtasia, HTML, JavaScript, DreamWeaver, and image editing software.

* Experience performing voice-over for eLearning, video demos, presentations, or Podcasts.

* Experience creating instructional graphics.

* Hands-on experience with Adobe FrameMaker, SnagIt, and WebWorks ePublisher.

* Experience with structured authoring and DITA standards.

* Experience with structured authoring XML editor, such as oXygen, Arbortext, or XMetaL.

* Knowledge of customer experience software products for service, marketing, and sales automation, including Oracle Service Cloud.

*





**Job:** **Product Development*



**Organization:** **Oracle*





**Title:** *Technical Writer*



Job Description
We are looking forIT Infrastructure Technical Writerfor our client inOrlando, FL
JOB TITLE:IT Infrastructure Technical Writer
JOB LOCATION:Orlando, FL
TERM:6 Months
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:

Responsibilities for this position may include but are not limited to the following:

    Work as a member of project teams under the guidance of a project manager, producing cross-functional communication deliverables for clients, company-wide
    Display proficiency in grammar, punctuation, spelling, capitalization and syntax
    Be able to perform extensive rewriting and create content from collaboration with subject matter experts
    Understand and comply with appropriate style guides, used inwritingand editing of information Understanding of IT products in different areas like servers, network, storage etc.
    Be able to create elements of a large document, such as table of contents, index and glossary
    Able to prepare Vision and other visual pictures, charts etc.
    Have a strong understanding of copyrights and trademarks and departments role in protecting the company from misuse or infringement
    Assure the quality of each deliverable by following the appropriate quality control process
    Understand how to communicate in a variety of methods and media

TechnicalWriterJob Requirements / Required qualifications:

    Proficiency in MS Office 2010 software (Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, SharePoint)
    Strong proficiency in formatting documents using such features as Word styles, templates, automated cross-referencing and layout control
    Ability to produce lengthy documents with minimal supervision
    Basic understanding of MS Excel, MS Visio and Adobe Acrobat
    Ability to handle multiple assignments with competing priorities
    Time management skills
    Have a passion for client satisfaction and project success



Job Description
Develop, prepare, and write content for proposals, white papers, and sales presentations. Work closely with technical subject matter experts, pursuit teams, and sales resources to understand the sales themes of the proposal, gather information on the solution, and translate it into written proposal content. Utilize a persuasive writing style that not only describes technical solutions but also demonstrates business value so that it is scored highly by evaluators.
Support large, complex government RFP (request for proposal) responses in the Medicaid/MMIS industry, including analyzing government RFP language to ensure that all writing is in full compliance with RFP requirements. Good communication skills and building relationships with key stakeholders will be important to working with our large pursuit teams. The ability to handle constructive feedback in order to make needed changes to documents and proposals is critical. We only have a limited timeframe to respond to proposals and you must be able to handle the stresses of these tight production timelines and be able to occasionally work additional hours and on weekends.
You must be located in the Plano, TX area and be willing to travel occasionally (2-4 weeks per year).
Internal/External Qualifications:

    Bachelor’s degree in English, business communications, journalism or marketing.
    Strong communication--verbal and written--skills, organizational skills, and ability to maintain working files and revisions of documents. Proficient in technical writing and business value writing.
    3 years of writing and editing experience with some experience having been with government proposals / RFPs.
    Experience in the Medicaid / MMIS field, though not required, would be a positive.
    Must be able to work more than 45 hours per week when needed, including some weekend work, and possibly holidays to meet critical deadlines.
    Able to travel occasionally to support on-site pursuit work.
    Top-notch writing skills
    Understand complex material and can explain technical concepts clearly, concisely and logically; excellent research and interviewing skills
    Meets proposal deadlines by establishing priorities and target dates for information gathering, writing, review, and approval; entering and monitoring tracking data; coordinating requirements with contributors; contributing proposal status information to review meetings
    Detail-oriented
    Coordinate with graphics designers to develop graphics that support/align with writing
    Excellent English and interpersonal skills
    Skilled computer user and expert user of word processing programs
    Ability to work under tight deadlines; the ability to work under stressful conditions is also important.
    Develop proposals by assembling information including project nature, objectives/outcomes/deliverables, implementation, methods, timetable, staffing, budget, standards of performance, and evaluation; writing, revising, and editing drafts including executive summaries, conclusions, and organization credentials.
    Maintain quality results by using templates; following proposal-writing standards including readability, consistency, and tone; maintaining proposal support databases.
    Obtain approvals by reviewing proposal with key stakeholders, subject matter experts, and pursuit managers.
    Improve proposal-writing results by evaluating and re-designing processes, approach, coordination, and boilerplate
    Update job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; maintaining personal networks.
    Accomplish organization goals by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; continually explore opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.


Internal/External Qualifications:

    Bachelor’s degree
    Strong communication--verbal and written--skills, organizational skills, and ability to maintain working files and revisions of documents. Proficient in technical writing and business value writing.
    3 years of writing and editing experience with some experience having been with government proposals / RFPs.
    Experience in the Medicaid / MMIS field, though not required, would be a positive.
    Must be able to work more than 45 hours per week when needed, including some weekend work, and possibly holidays to meet critical deadlines.
    Able to travel occasionally to support on-site pursuit work.
    Top-notch writing skills
    Understand complex material and can explain technical concepts clearly, concisely and logically; excellent research and interviewing skills
    Meets proposal deadlines by establishing priorities and target dates for information gathering, writing, review, and approval; entering and monitoring tracking data; coordinating requirements with contributors; contributing proposal status information to review meetings
    Detail-oriented
    Coordinate with graphics designers to develop graphics that support/align with writing
    Excellent English and interpersonal skills
    Skilled computer user and expert user of word processing programs
    Ability to work under tight deadlines; the ability to work under stressful conditions is also important.
    Develop proposals by assembling information including project nature, objectives/outcomes/deliverables, implementation, methods, timetable, staffing, budget, standards of performance, and evaluation; writing, revising, and editing drafts including executive summaries, conclusions, and organization credentials.
    Maintain quality results by using templates; following proposal-writing standards including readability, consistency, and tone; maintaining proposal support databases.
    Obtain approvals by reviewing proposal with key stakeholders, subject matter experts, and pursuit managers.
    Improve proposal-writing results by evaluating and re-designing processes, approach, coordination, and boilerplate
    Update job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; maintaining personal networks.
    Accomplish organization goals by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; continually explore opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.

Job Description

Viverae is seeking a highly talented and motivated Copy Editor and Writer to edit, proofread, write and finalize copy. This position will work collaboratively with the Marketing & Communications Team, but must be able to work independently and as a self-starter.

    Edit, review and write original copy for various member, client and prospect-facing communications and marketing collateral including, but not limited to, flyers, newsletters, email, presentations, direct mail, video scripts, social media, web, infographics, case studies, news releases, white papers and profile features.


    Excellent project coordination, prioritization, organization, attention to detail and time management skills necessary; this position involves many simultaneous deadline-driven projects
    Bachelor’s degree in Journalism, English or Communications
    3+ years of proven deadline-driven experience in the areas of promotional materials, corporate communications, advertising, script writing, public relations, etc.
    Excellent written and verbal communications and interpersonal skills including editing, interviewing and proofreading abilities
    Strong editing background with knowledge of Associated Press style guidelines
    Must be able to work hand-in-hand with design team members
    Dedication to customer service with both internal and external customers and stakeholders
    Strong conceptual and strategic skills
    Proficient in all Microsoft desktop software, in particular, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook
    Proficient in Adobe Acrobat Pro
    Basic knowledge of InDesign a plus
    Experience in writing for b2b marketing and healthcare or health and wellness is a plus

Job Description
The IBM Enterprise Social Solutions (ESS) Information Design (ID) Group is seeking a talented Technical Writer to join our team. The candidate will work closely with software design and development teams to make our software products easy to use. They design and develop elements for the User Interface (UI), as well as information deliverables for web and print. Information developers complete technical writing projects and keep their deliverables organized and on schedule. They develop experience with authoring tools, technical writing principles, style guidelines, and graphics. We are looking for the following qualifications:
Ability to synthesize complex technical information
An understanding of computer science concepts and information
Demonstrated written and oral communication skills
Required

    High School Diploma/GED
    Basic knowledge in Information Development for Software
    English: Fluent

Preferred

    Bachelor's Degree

IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.

Job Description
Responsible for producing all types of articles for the assigned publication or on special assignment for various Loss Prevention booklets, brochures and other special projects; writes feature articles on operational safety, community projects, employee programs, special interest items for Loss Prevention Department periodicals and publications; edits safety articles written by staff or contributors; proofreads galley proofs and page proofs; submits list of feature suggestions and potential safety news items for the supervisor's selection; and performs other miscellaneous duties as directed by the supervisor.

