Utlizing desktop publishing and graphic design software, independently researches, organizes, develops, manages, and maintains technical communication materials for medical devices based upon internal and/or external client needs from concept phase through release phase. Technical labeling materials include, but are not limited to, operator’s manuals, quick reference materials, handi-guides, training & education materials, online help, web documents, and applied labels
Manages translations and facilitates the approval and release of materials within project deadlines. Works with external vendors to produce finished products in accordance with provided specifications
Produces and typesets technical design and development materials from concept phase through creation and release of approved labeling utilizing print and electronic publishing software  
Project manages milestones, timelines, and Labeling process as Labeling SME and project representative 
Obtains approvals, releases labeling into document management system, prepares files for output, and resolves technical issues
Works independently to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced deadline driven environment
As a labeling technical expert, leads global cross-functional labeling teams to design and troubleshoot Technical Documentation and labeling layouts to meet product labeling inputs while meeting regulatory, quality and manufacturing requirements
Ability to work on both MAC and PC platforms
Advanced experience in MS Office, heavy focus on Word, Excel, and PowerPoint preferred
Advanced experience with Adobe Acrobat; Intermediate to advance knowledge of Adobe FrameMaker and Adobe Creative Suite preferred
Experience working with XML preferred
Strong writing and typesetting competency
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to prepare presentations and speak effectively before groups
Advanced knowledge of page layout and typography
Intermediate to Advanced knowledge of production design, printing process, photography, and graphics
Strong attention to detail; Analytical, detail-oriented, thorough, accurate
Self-motivated and strong Project Management, interpersonal, and negotiation skills
Ability to extract information from interviews, technical documents, test data, and hands-on work with a device and convert it to the appropriate level for the intended audience
Knowledge of medical product labeling and compliance issues
Meets budget constraints and deadlines as required 
Ability to interfaces and communicate with an international group of subject matter experts to ensure that product functionality, manufacturing, service and user issues are incorporated into the resulting materials
Ability to work both independently and on a team 



Leads global cross-functional labeling teams (internal and external customers) to develop accurate markups, create drafts for review, review change controls, and provide labeling expertise to project teams, acting as lead liaison for product line
Performs writing and typesetting duties based on customer feedback
Manages, organizes, and designs layout of technical information
Ensures labeling is compliant with Corporate Identity requirements
Educates project teams on Corporate ID website and requirements, driving compliance
Organizes and leads labeling development meetings, develops schedules, negotiates timelines, and drives project completion
Proofreads technical materials, labeling artwork, and labeling specifications
Reviews technical materials and labeling for accuracy and compliance to labeling procedures
Routes technical labeling packages for approval, resolve and escalate issues
Performs product data and document management entry, configuration, and processing in Baxter document management system
Performs prepress activities to prepare technical materials and labeling artwork for print suppliers.  Acts as technical liaison with print suppliers and manufacturing to resolve printing issues. 
Meets labeling project timelines and commitments and ensures deliverables are met
Collect accurate metrics and drive innovation and process improvements
Help develop technical document templates, job aids, process flows, and cycle time metrics for product line
Assists project team with user acceptability/ease of use issues, e.g., participating on GUI design team
Inputs accurate metrics and drives innovation and process improvements.
Helps drive staff training, and educates internal and external customers on labeling processes, regulatory requirements, the Baxter Quality System, and document management system.  Develops training materials and leads training sessions
Acts as a technical matter expert for label copy


Exhibit strong written and verbal communication skills

• Oversee complex projects to swiftly drive solutions and implement process improvements

• Lead projects and teams to propose, investigate, and/or evaluate new tools, processes, methodologies

• Develop technical task-based, conceptual, and reference topics for specific audiences/customers that use MasterCard systems, programs, and services

• Publish technical content utilizing multiple output types, such as PDF, HTML, XML, wiki

• Identify changing customer needs, opportunities, and industry trends when developing strategic and tactical recommendations

• Exhibit the highest degree of professionalism, accountability, and empowerment to drive results

• Technologically savvy, spearheading innovation through ingenuity, creativity, and thoughtful risks

• Adaptable to dynamic change and ambiguity thriving in a fast-paced environment

• Team player, ability to interact and consult with all levels throughout the organization to cultivate and expand partnerships

• Possess strong technical writing skills in developing software or computer systems documentation, including API documentation

• In-depth experience with Microsoft Office products

• Familiarity with XML, HTML, DITA, OTK, XSLT and XSL-FO

• Solid experience with content or learning management systems

• Experience in web design/development and/or coding (Java)

• Ability to interact with subject matter experts at all levels

• A independent problem-solver and troubleshooter


Development of product release notes, reference guides, online Help, and other software product documentation as needed
Develop and distribute technical documentation
Support the LMS (CornerStone)
Ability to travel 15% of time (Team Meetings, UAT)
Client facing technical writing experience
Thorough understanding of the software development lifecycle (SDLC)
Ability to interpret technical information and translate it in an easy-to-understand concept with efficient use of words.
Adobe RoboHelp experience
Ability to contributes creative ideas to enhance current offerings.
Documentation Ninja skills
Excellent command of English, both verbal and written to include interviewing internal and external parties
Excellent project and time management skills to successfully navigate and complete multiple projects with multiple deadlines and stakeholders
Ability to identify communication and education gaps as well as create solutions to solve problem/close gaps
Ability to interview SME's and gather information to develop documentation 
Advanced level Microsoft Office Suite – Word and Power Point
Educational Documentation Development
Experience documenting hospital or pharmacy support software
Resourceful and able to troubleshoot problems and work with required groups to resolve problems
Innovative with the ability to conceptualize and develop ideas and vision
Independent and a self-starter


Serve as an editor for a team of writers and subject matter experts
Review and edit end-user documentation produced by the team for consistent voice and style as well as technical accuracy 
Work with the team to have them edit and improve their documentation
Develop content for a variety of audiences and media, such as technical documentation, tutorials, blogs, magazines, web sites, and videos
Manage document publications; ensure that documentation ready for the end-user makes its way to our various web sites and is installed with our products
Develop deep understanding of what our users need and want from our documentation
Monitor user responses to forum posts, blogs, and other message boards
Challenge yourself by relying on our documentation to learn aspects of our software you’re not familiar with
Excellent writing and editing skills—the ability to explain difficult concepts in simple, understandable language is paramount
Experience using content management systems
Keen attention to detail and drive to resolve issues
Effective time management and organizational skills
Bachelor’s or master’s in English, technical communications, GIS,  or a related field
Prior experience with software development and release of commercial software products
Knowledge of ArcGIS and, in particular, ModelBuilder and geoprocessing tools


Researches and compiles technical data for use in documents or sections of documents such as manuals, procedures, and specifications (Current/Active-Top Secret/SCI clearance required) 

· Works with off-site print plant to publish and deliver hard-copy documentation 

· Analyzes requirements of project to determine types of publications needed 

· Maintains ongoing work log of mission-critical reports and plans 

· Obtains data from independent observation, consultation with technical staff members or study of published materials and drawings 

· Collaborates with technical writing and documentation development team members to share work load and ensure on-time delivery 

· Ensures accuracy and completeness of technical documentation 

· Writes and edits functional descriptions, system specifications, special reports, and any other customer deliverables and documents 

Provides expertise in document generation and document storage and maintenance 


Bachelor’s Degree in Communications, English, or a related subject
Two years’ experience as a writer and editor
Expert knowledge of MS Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Experience in writing and editing technical publications
Some knowledge of Adobe Acrobat and MS Visio
In-depth knowledge of APA style
Excellent interpersonal skills
Adaptability to rapidly changing priorities
Ability to work independently with limited direction
Ability to work a flexible schedule is required
Knowledge of basic Information Technology terminology
IAT Level II desired, not required


Writes, rewrites and/or edits technical documents such as technical procedure manuals, user manuals, pr ogramming manuals, service manuals, operational specifications, and related technical publications to communicate clearly and effectively technical specifications and instructions to a wide range of audiences.
Acquires subject knowledge by interviewing product developers, observing performance of production methods, referring to technical specifications, blueprints, engineering illustrations, and trade journals.
Oversees preparation of illustrative materials, selecting drawings, sketches, diagrams and charts.
Conducts quality review of material
Bachelor’s degree with four (4) years’ experience in editing documents, proofing and technical writing with the Navy or comparable department of Defense agencies
Desired experience in drafting and editing XML technical documents and/or SCORM compliant training documentation.
Desired knowledge of regulations and policies affecting publishing of Navy publications; practices, and standards
Desired ability to develop written products that articulate, interpret, and explain highly complex programs, equipment, and technical equipment.


Proof and edit all team/project documents, e.g., agendas, meeting minutes, progress reports, ensuring conformance to IPM writing style and grammatical and typographical accuracy.
Manage and prepare the contract proposal, e.g., Statement of Work, Project Authorization Form; review execution and amendment processes, as required.
Ensure employee adherence to Company standards through Quality Audits of each project manager twice a year.  Audit project documents that were not previously sent to CCS for review to ensure the consistent application of protocols and check overall document quality.  Follow up with project managers, as appropriate, to correct any deficiencies and summarize the audit results monthly.
Ensure employee adherence to project file documentation requirements through Compliance Audits of each project file after its close.  Audit the file folder structure and number of project documents relative to the hours billed on the project.  Follow up with project managers, as appropriate, to correct any deficiencies and summarize the audit results monthly.
Assist in the design and development of marketing collateral, including the formatting and file maintenance of Case Studies.
Train employees, as referred by their managers, to improve their ability to produce outstanding written documents.
Support development and control of forms and templates.
Create new client and project sites on the SharePoint portal as needed.
Contribute to ensuring that phone coverage is provided consistently by serving as the primary back-up to the front desk administrative assistant.
As required, print, bind, and distribute documents.  
Expertise in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint; familiarity with Visio and Adobe Suite is a plus.
Outstanding command of English grammar rules, applications, and word usage.
Excellent communication, diplomacy, and interpersonal skills
Demonstrated strong organization and prioritization skills.
Demonstrated work ethic, integrity, and professional conduct.
Ability to lead and contribute in a team environment.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and handle deadlines and frequent interruptions.


Maintain training documentation
Collaborate with management, subject matter experts and trainers in updating training materials
Writes and edits training documentation including; training aids, manuals, handouts, website content and videos.
Works with management, trainers and subject matter experts to draft and refine documentation such as training manuals, knowledge base articles, and other documentation for internal employees and external customers.
Performs quality assurance reviews to ensure documents and deliverables conform to customer and company standards
Ensure accuracy and completeness of documentation and perform edits as needed.
Format and edit technical documents according to customer-provided style guide.
Collect and organize complex technical, management and administrative information required for preparation of documents.
Actively obtain information from trainer and subject matter experts
Work with other resources during the development of the documentation Maintain Knowledge base database
Coordinates the submission process for internal and external facing knowledge base articles
Collaborate with subject matter experts to create and update knowledge base articles
Ensure Knowledge base articles are maintained and remain accurate
Provide reporting on knowledge base usage CRM documentation auditing
Review cases for company approved documentation standards
Track and report necessary changes to management
Coordinate with subject matter experts to ensure accuracy of case documentation Other duties
Partner with internal stakeholders regarding knowledge base and technical writing needs
Proactively build relationships with peers in other Thomson Reuters businesses to leverage any best practices in the implementation, application and continuous improvement of processes, practices and procedures.
Participate in projects as assigned
Education and Experience
Bachelor’s Degree required; English or Technical Communications concentration desired
3-5 years technical writing experience, preferably in a call center or system support environment
Ability to write clearly and concisely to communicate the how and why of system usage
Aptitude for learning computer software quickly
Prior knowledge base and database administration
Experience with Microsoft Office suite, Adobe Technical Communication Suite
Excellent interpersonal and communication (written and verbal) skills
Excellent analytical skills; able to integrate information from multiple sources to execute effectively and efficiently in a dynamic environment
Attention to detail when writing and editing to ensure appropriate grammar and format.
Attention to detail when following processes.
Ability to work in a team and participate in formal reviews of deliverable products
Able to learn and understand technical specifications, system requirements and other product support information.
Expert-level knowledge of all Microsoft Office tools, especially MS Word. Key Competencies
Technical writing skills
Strong organizational skills
Strong Follow-through
Data gathering and analysis
Communication skills
Team player



Must be highly motivated with strong desire to learn, excel and make improvements.
• Good proof-reading skills
• Highly organized and detail oriented
• Excellent communication skills
• Strong experience with MS Office and electronic applications
• Experience with Oracle Agile PLM application
• Experience with JDE ERP applications
• Responsible for supporting user created changes in the system, reviewing both for accuracy of the content of metadata and the created / modified files.
• Train users to effectively use documentation control system and supports user requests to drive efficiencies into the process.
• Manage the process and application transferring meta data from documentation control system to JDE ERP applications.
• Support daily user requests and manage projects to align meta data with new products, new services, and new processes.
• Support other continuous improvement projects.
• Able to work with minimal supervision with wide latitude for independent judgment.


Create and/or edit:
Workshops
Presentations
Blogs
White papers
Application Programming Interface (API) documentation
valuate:
Existing documentation and identify gaps
Content for accuracy
Time management skills to ensure that the candidate is able to follow through on deadlines
Expect:
To work with developers, system administrators, network engineers, marketers, and salespeople
To represent SoftLayer through their words
To work autonomously on a team of other technology enthusiasts
Technical background(development, system/network administration, etc)
Marketing or sales experience 




Collaborating with developers and users to understand documentation needs and desired outcomes.
Writing and updating internal content, help and knowledge articles that will be used by engineers with a range of experience and disciplines.
Creating screen shots, diagrams and other learning aids.
Assisting other writers with reviewing and technical editing.
Participating in all aspects of the documentation process, from planning to publishing.
Who you are…
Experienced. 5+ years of experience writing commercial software documentation. Experience working with localized products is a plus.
Excellent Writer. You are able to describe complex and technical topics clearly and accurately in a way that is appropriate for the target audience.
Multi-Tasker. You can juggle multiple projects and prioritize tasks with conflicting deadlines to ensure on-time completion.
Bloodhound Detective. You are persistent and resourceful. You are not satisfied to simply rephrase use cases and specs. Rather, you verify how the products actually work and provide appropriate documentation.
Technically Inclined. You are drawn to technical subjects and enjoy digging in and learning more. You enjoy talking to developers about software. You might even have specific database, network, or programming domain knowledge.
Creative. You have a holistic approach to writing that includes thinking about how the documentation will be accessed and used. You are committed to creating useful and beautiful documentation.
Educated. You have a B.S. or B.A. degree in Technical Writing or equivalent professional technical writing experience


The targeted candidate will possess the ability and experience required to fabricate accurate and timely software documentation including user manuals, administration guides, help content, installation guides, quick reference guides and other internal /external documents. Additional responsibilities include writing scenario based, hands-on training materials, creating teacher and student guides used in instructor-led multi-day classes, and being lead writer for all customer-facing educational materials to establish an authentic company voice regarding how products work and should be used.
• Usher the direction and timelines for all customer-facing education materials, both product documentation and instructor-led training
• Form decisions regarding any adjustments  to corporate documentation style guide
• Become a Subject Matter Expert by researching and cultivating strong relationships with other experts.
• Construct and execute quality documentation based on detailed understanding of client expectations
• Write in an array of formats and voices, depending on the desired audience (i.e., instructor-led training, user guides, administrative documentation, quick reference guides, etc.)
• Update existing materials and compose new materials from scratch
• Review written documents from former and current writers, ensuring consistency, accuracy and formatting meets the style guide standards
• Track and report project status for all writers at predetermined intervals, as well as departmental briefings to senior management as requested
• Manage and track team activities, priorities, roadblocks and other details
• Bachelor's Degree 
• 5+ years of experience writing a combination of software documentation guides and instructor-led training materials
• 1+ years leading a team of writers, establishing and leading the direction, voice and timelines
• Exceptional writing skills illustrating and describing software applications
• Detail-oriented and grammar perfectionist  to ensure consistency in the writing process
• Knowledge of writing best practices and the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
• Ability to pick up new software products quickly, write about them efficiently, and review/edit other writer’s materials successfully
• Ability to effectively understand and communicate complex business software processes
• Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to lead a team by example, work with other teams across the company, and work independently – as each is required
• Aptitude and experience of accurately estimating and meeting project timelines
• Expert level with a variety of documentation tools such as FrameMaker, Robohelp, PowerPoint, and SnagIT
• Additionally, experience providing instructor-led training, writing and editing e-learning modules, and/or knowledge of Learning Management Systems (LMS) a definite plus


Responsible for creation, maintenance, and publishing of company policies, procedures, standards, and technical documents (business/functional requirements, instructional materials, online help, procedural guides, product descriptions, etc.) for use by business end users.
Conduct research by interviewing subject matter experts, reviewing existing documentation, and gleaning information from the system or product being documented.
Prepare, edit, and deliver all documentation in accordance with existing editorial styles and document templates.
Translate information of medium to high complexity into clear, concise documents appropriate for various target audiences.
Create graphics (screen mockups, report samples, etc) that aid the target audience in understanding the documented material.
May participate in business requirements, functional design, testing, and architecture work sessions, as requested.
Follows documentation projects through to completion, including approval signoff, loading into production, and archival.
Maintain internal documentation library.
Desired Skills and Experience
Graduation from a 4-year college or university with major course work in a discipline related to the requirements of the position is preferred.  Will consider the equivalent combination of job experience & education that demonstrates the ability to perform the essential functions of this job.
Minimum of 3-5 years of business or technical writing experience and in-depth knowledge of multiple software and graphics packages.
Mortgage servicing experience preferred.
Fully proficient with Microsoft Office Word
Proficient with Microsoft Visio. SnagIt, Axure, PDF tools, HTML, Archer


Deliver technically accurate documentation to help developers successfully use the Amazon and Echo SDKs

Own the entire documentation set, including architecture, writing, editing, testing, and deployment

Work with the software engineering team to design and implement a world-class developer documentation experience

Manage simultaneous documentation projects involving other team members and work with key stakeholders across the organization

Continuously gather information from Business Development, Product Management, QA, and Support to produce best practices and react to the needs of developers

Bachelors Degree in English, Technical Writing, or equivalent work experience.

7-10 years of experience writing documentation for a developer audience.

Experience architecting, writing, and editing technical documentation for software developers.

Reading competency in a modern programming language such as Java or C++.

Obsessive about technical accuracy.

Must be an excellent written and verbal communicator.

Passion to thrive in a fast-paced, constantly-changing environment.

A proactive and open-minded attitude to resolving problems and delivering results.

Excellent organizational and multi-tasking abilities.

Experience with web technologies, including JavaScript.

Experience writing in a structured authoring environment.

Experience writing for translation into multiple languages.

Strong attention to detail.

Willingness to help create, maintain and adhere to style guides and standard processes.



Interact with Google Data Center teams as well as contractors and vendors to produce multiple types of professional writing, documentation to include, but not limited to training material and procedures, to ensure that data center problems are identified and resolved quickly, that quality services are delivered, and that internal customer demands are met.
Work with management to organize existing documentation, identify deficiencies and prioritize solutions.
Obtain information by interviewing and collaborating with Google Data Center Engineering, Construction and Operations teams.
Produce documents that can be understood by both technical teams and prepared for external publication. Be the designated contact for suggestions and updates to these documents.
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.
Experience planning, researching, writing, and editing documents that need to be produced as well as defining the overall structure of the documentation set.
Ability to speak and write in English and Spanish fluently and idiomatically.
Ability to understand technology, demonstrated by having been employed as an engineer, or by having successfully written about engineering and technology.
Ability to write documents that capture engineering requirements, standard operating procedures and processes.
Passionate attention to detail, willingness to work with both internal and external teams to produce the technical content for white papers, procedures and other documentation.



The ideal candidate has both a technical background that enables them to easily interact with software developers and creative game teams and a demonstrated ability to deliver high-quality technical documentation.
Drive the development and produce documentation for games-related cloud services, tools, SDKs, or API libraries
Independently follow designs and standards to develop and deliver developer and API documentation
Write or manipulate code samples to support documentation
Conduct peer edits for grammar, style, and form
A minimum of 5 years in a technical writing role
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Proven experience writing content for technically complicated products/services and delivering developer-oriented documentation
Experience working directly with development teams
Experience with XML-based publishing systems
Experience with cloud services or game technology
Experience working with a programming language such as C#, Java, PHP, or Ruby, etc. preferred
Strong attention to detail
Previous experience working in an agile environment
Passion to thrive in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment
Proven experience using and following the Microsoft Manual of Style for Technical Publications (MSTP)
A proactive and open-minded attitude to resolving problems and delivering results
An undergraduate degree in Computer Science (or the equivalent), English, or related



Work closely with engineers and product managers as APIs and SDKs are developed to author documentation in real time
Deliver accurate docs on time and with a high degree of quality
Contribute to strategic initiatives around authoring environments, development processes, and automation tooling
Work closely with other members of the technical content team to ensure uniformity in workflow and writing style
Collaborate with the user experience team to ensure that technical content — including documentation, contextual help, UI text, and other forms of assistance — are discoverable, usable, and pleasing to the customer
Impeccable written English skills 
Strong team player with outstanding communication, organization, and interpersonal skills
Comfort with swiftly changing, dynamic software development situations
Ability to learn new technologies quickly
Ability to establish and follow style and usage guidelines
Ability to drive, follow, and evangelize cross-team processes
Experience developing API and SDK documentation
Knowledge of cloud infrastructure concepts and technologies
Knowledge of XML and HTML, and experience with DITA
Understanding of transformation engines and content management systems
Experience using distributed source code management systems such as GitHub
Experience using enterprise-grade bug tracking systems, such as JIRA
A history of fearless hands-on product use and a strong customer advocate mentality
Experience (and commitment to) capturing and maintaining institutional knowledge 
A Bachelors degree in a writing-intensive field, or significant work experience in startups or fast-paced enterprise technology development environments
People Management experience, or leadership of a significant documentation team effort
Knowledge of REST principles and design, and ability to write code samples in Java or C#
Knowledge of ISCSI, Fibre Channel, and storage technologies


As a Content Editor, you will create commercial content for accommodations on Booking.com, maintain up-to-date information and monitor content quality. You will be in contact with properties and our Hotels Department on a daily basis in order to validate information and acquire content essentials (photos, room features, etc.).
Your goal will be to promote each hotel in the most attractive – yet objective and concise – way, in order to provide support to Booking.com BV in attracting visitors to book rooms through our website. You will create copy using all available resources, including customer reviews.
We are looking for enthusiastic candidates with a good understanding of the hotel industry, a customer mindset and a passion for e-travel.
Main responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Provide support in the creation and review and to continually improve web-copy that accurately reflects the character and facilities of the property, resulting in a better performance of the property;
Ensure web page content is maintained to the highest quality standards;
Collect essential content by contacting properties and working with the local team;
Day-to-day commercial communication with properties by telephone and e-mail.
Experience of creating attractive content and writing/editing;
Good face-to-face and telephone communication skills;
Excellent computer skills (Word, Excel, basic photo editing and Internet);
Quick and resourceful desktop researcher;
Flexibility, accuracy, strong analytical skills and an eye for detail;
Customer-focused;
Pro-active and positive attitude;
A goal-oriented team player.
Required Education and Experience:
Associates degree or equivalent work experience;
Experience within e-travel and/or hotel/travel industry is a plus;
1-2 years work experience in similar position.


