1. 
Select and conduct appropriate user-centered design techniques throughout an iterative design process. 
Analyze and present user evaluation results. 
Make design recommendations based on expertise and the collected data. 
Facilitate cross-functional teams throughout product definition, design and development processes. 
Write clear, concise reports to communicate issues, resolution and end risks and results. 
Assist with the definition and implementation of interface design guidelines and a usability process methodology. 
Educate business owners and developers on the importance of web site design guidelines and usability testing. 
Remain current in usability-related research and developments. 
Coordinate lab activities, such as screening evaluators, managing the observations room and ensuring efficient recap meetings and smooth transitions. 
Employ effective coaching skills to mobilize diverse resources toward satisfying established project goals. 
Investigate, evaluate and recommend new and merging usability techniques, technologies, and methodology process improvements. 
Responsible for developing new external accounts and maintaining client satisfaction. 
Directly manages and develops engagements with external clients. 
4+ years of experience. 

2. 
Skills 
Usability Testing 
Test Plans 
Summary Reporting 
Video Capture
HF Standards 
FDA regulations 
Medical Device products
Ethnographic Research Skills 
3+ years of experience. 

3. 
Demonstrated ability in crafting and presenting research findings/recommendations to all levels of stakeholders, including executive management 
Experience developing personas and mental models through ethnographic and qualitative research 
Must be highly organized and be able to juggle and lead multiple user-testing initiatives in varying stages simultaneously with little supervision 
Demonstrated quantitative and qualitative reasoning skills 
Excellent written and oral communication skills; strong relationship-building skills 
Ability to collaborate professionally with all co-workers 
Ability to self-prioritize effectively, to ensure key items are delivered to meet immediate project needs 
Proven ability to estimate project expenses and manage project budgets 
Training and experience in qualitative individual interviews and group moderation 
Information visualization; ability to compile complex information from disparate sources and present it in an understandable and actionable visual format 
Provide stakeholders with a holistic understanding of data; identify and visually capture patterns and connections that matter 

4. 
BS/MS in one of the following: industrial design, mechanical engineering, product design, human factors engineering or a related discipline
Industrial or commercial experience is desirable
Experience with contextual research methods (interviewing, survey development, observational research, Usability testing)
Responsible for communicating requirements to design team and overseeing their implementation 
Experience in usability and human factors engineering
Working knowledge of the implementation of IEC62366 & HE75 
Project management experience 

5. 
Ability to evaluate the usability of intranet sites, extranet sites, web-based applications, client/ server applications. 
Knowledge of diverse user interface development software 
Technology Degree 
User interface knowledge 
Knowledge of Web tool design process 
4+ years of experience 

6. 
Degree in HF/HCI or a related discipline or equivalent experience required. 
3-5 years of experience 

7. 
Candidates should have background experience, skills, and/or education appropriate to position description. 
Candidates must have at least a 3.0 GPA and be currently enrolled in school or post-graduation of six months.
Background checks are required for interns. T-Mobile requires that individuals considered for internships are a minimum of 18 years of age and have the right to work in the United States. 
Proficiency in design and prototyping tools such as the Adobe Creative Suite and Axure 
Knowledge of user experience best practices 
Good communication, presentation, interpersonal and analytical skills including the ability to communicate interaction design concepts clearly and persuasively across different audiences 
Currently enrolled in a related curriculum 

8. 
Bachelor’s degree in visual design, visual communications, HCI, interaction design, new media design or related design field or equivalent work experience and working as a visual designer and/or interaction designer for online interactions which include designing for Web sites, eCommerce, search, navigation, and/or mobile interfaces (or an equivalent combination of education and experience); Experience participating in and/or conducting UX activities such as: usability tests, competitive analysis/assessment, and expert/heuristic reviews is preferred. 
Be comfortable designing throw-away wireframes and high-fidelity prototypes to explore new ideas and product concepts. 
Experience designing for (and across) systems including (but not limited to): Web sites, microsites, intranets, mobile web sites, mobile applications, email, online advertising, content management systems, and eCommerce systems
Solid understanding of visual design best practices, and how they apply to varied projects 
Excellent communication and presentation skills (verbal, graphic and written) 
Strong attention to detail
Proficiency with UX and business tools such as Photoshop, InDesign, Axure, and MS Office 
Ability to work on multiple projects, reprioritize as needed, and consistently deliver on time 
Ability to understand scope, requirements and to drive innovative solutions within given parameters 
Understand the importance of flexibility, and the balance of speed and quality 
Demonstrate willingness to contribute to team activities 
Anticipate potential project problems and create solutions or contingency plans 
Actively seek out feedback from manager and peers; improve own performance based on that feedback 
Working knowledge of Bootstrap, HTML, CSS, and general programming skills 
Experience working in an agile development environment 
A thorough understanding of user-centered design methodologies is required. 
5+ years 

9. 
Excellent research skills including the ability to analyze large and small sample quantitative and qualitative data sets. 
Experience performing research on user issues for software development in a laboratory setting, online, and in the field. 
Experience supporting UCD in a large corporate environment is a plus. 
Requires working with interdisciplinary project teams across multiple locations. 
2-3+ years 


10. 
Excellent research skills including the ability to analyze large and small sample quantitative and qualitative data sets. 
Experience performing research on user issues for software development in a laboratory setting, online, and in the field. 
Experience supporting UCD in a large corporate environment is a plus. 
Requires working with interdisciplinary project teams across multiple locations. 
2-3+ years 

