Job Description

Acumen, LLC is a public policy consulting firm that provides government agencies with high-
quality, impartial research on healthcare, labor practices, and welfare services to promote
 information-driven policies.  Rooting comparative effectiveness research, value-based
 purchasing, and outcomes measurement in an array of complex data, Acumen adheres to
 analysis based on information, not ideology.

In keeping with this principle, Acumen is seeking a talented technical writer with a strong
 desire to further develop his or her technical, research, and data-driven writing skills by
 joining Acumen’s exceptional technical writing team.  As a team member, the technical writer
 will have the opportunity to exercise and hone a variety of writing skills—from composing user
 guides about research tools to writing policy memos for external clients.

The ideal candidate will have 1-5 years of experience, with a college degree and a passion for
 superb writing and rhetoric.  She or he will be looking to further develop her or his technical
 writing abilities, as well as an opportunity to define her or his career in public policy with some
 of the best and brightest minds.  Acumen provides a strong career path for those who are
 committed to post-college career objectives and to the development of excellent writing skills.

The Technical Writer will:

Work with various subject matter experts to compose user guides, technical specifications,
 and workflow processes for Acumen information systems
Revise document drafts, verify technical content, and ensure correct grammar
Enforce document version control
Support the Technical Writing Manager in ad hoc documentation projects, which could
 include the production of external-client memos, research-based documentation, and
 reference materials

 Job Requirements

Required Skills

Qualifications Required:

Bachelor of Arts in a writing intensive field, Bachelor of Science with a communications
 minor, or commensurate experience
Strong written and oral communication skills
Able to think critically about a document or task
Able to structure information logically and consistently
Basic knowledge of technical writing principles 
Proficiency in Chicago, MLA, or APA style guidelines
Good organization skills

Qualifications Desired:

1-3 years of writing experience in a structured work environment
Superb communication and writing skills to include:
An ability to quickly grasp technical concepts and translate them into clear, easy-to-
understand content
An ability to proactively communicate the status of documentation to a range of
 document stakeholders
Ability to conceptualize information and information systems using various information
 resources
Ability to thrive in both team and self-managed environments
General understanding of information systems and/or information security
Familiarity with HTML and CSS

Salary: Competitive, commensurate with experience. Benefits included. This is a full-time
 position.

Due to the sensitive nature of much of our work, all Acumen employees must undergo a
 background check. Your employment will be contingent upon your completing, and Acumen
 reviewing to its satisfaction, a mandatory background check.

Employees who work with particularly sensitive information may be asked to undergo an
 additional background check after starting work.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,
 religion, sex, national origin, physical or mental handicap, disability, age or status as a
 disabled veteran, or veteran of the Vietnam era.