Job Description
 
Summary of Duties
 
Reporting directly to the Department Head, Management
 Development, the Technical Writer provides technical and writing
 expertise for training and non-training projects. Responsibilities
 include assessing training needs, defining learning objectives,
 developing project standards, identifying appropriate instructional
 strategies, and implementing industry and corporate standards into
 document design, training delivery, and in train-the-trainer programs.

 In addition, technical writers are responsible for defining client
 requirements, building client relationships, working with clients to
 ensure materials meet project requirements, analyzing project
 assignments to determine solutions, and collaborating with subject
 matter experts (SMEs) to analyze, develop, implement, and evaluate
 appropriate solutions. The Technical Writer must also perform other
 related duties as necessary to meet the ongoing needs of the
 organization.

Minimum Acceptable Qualifications
 
Bachelor's degree in English, Adult Education, Instructional Design,
 Communication, Industrial Psychology, Technical Writing, OR in lieu
 of degree, any combination of education and experience in technical
 writing, journalism, or curriculum design that equals four (4) years.
Must have five years experience in course design, curriculum design,
 or e-learning.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills for presentations.
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite including Word,
 PowerPoint, Outlook, and Excel.
Comprehensive knowledge of current instructional theories and
 principles applicable to both hard copy and web-based instructional
 materials.
Knowledge of information architecture principles and methods.
Must possess interpersonal and human relations skills in dealing with
 all levels of staff, external groups/customers, and organizations.
Knowledge of multi-media design tools is preferable.
Must possess a valid driver’s license.
 
All employees are responsible for performing their job safely and
 in accordance with the safety objectives, goals and program of
 the organization, ensuring compliance with applicable safety
 rules and regulations.
 
Other Important Information
 
Only qualified applicants will receive consideration.
Selected candidates are subject to a physical examination/drug test
 and background check to verify information regarding education,
 employment, vehicle and criminal history.
Relocation is not available for this position.
 
Company Overview
 
Metra is one of the largest commuter rail systems in North America
 and provides commuter rail service between the downtown Chicago
 business district and 240 stations in Northeastern Illinois over 11
 routes totaling about 500 route miles. Metra operates 700 weekday
 trains, providing more than 300,000 passenger trips a day.
 
Response Information
 
If you are interested in applying for a position at Metra, please
 send your cover letter which must include the position title, your
 resume and salary history to:

 
E-mail: jobs@metrarr.com

 
Metra is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. It is our
 policy to fill vacant positions with qualified candidates without regard
 to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, or disability,
 assuming an individual can perform the essential functions of the job
 with or without accommodation.
