WORK LOCATION: Mounds View, MN

ASSIGNMENT DURATION: 6 months

POSITION DESCRIPTION:

Provide technical writing, project management, and configuration management support for
 medical device industry product labeling projects within CRDM Technical Communications..
 Instructions for Use (IFU) deliverables include clinician reference manuals, product inserts,
 online help, etc. Users of this information may include regulators, clinicians, patients, and
 technical support representatives. May be asked to move quickly between project work and
 process development and do both writing and project mgmt. Need to be energized by change
 and able to stay flexible.

POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:

Plan, research, and develop content or coordinate content development for technical writing
 projects. Research products by reading product specifications and other documentation,
 interviewing subject matter experts, and investigating prototype hardware and software.
 Support project teams as necessary, including facilitating decisions about distribution and
 local language plans and regulatory requirements, researching justification for historical
 content changes, etc. Maintain awareness of and ensure adherence to standards, laws, and
 process and content-related regulatory requirements, as well as internal procedures.
 Develop, communicate and maintain project estimates, schedules, and status. Coordinate
 layout and design of deliverables with graphic designer and/or print specifications expert.
 Conduct content and quality reviews. Coordinate translations. Maintain project-related
 records, working within a variety of document control and configuration management
 systems, processes and tools. Apply creativity to solve problems related to processes,
 systems, and tools.

 Job Requirements

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Technical writing career focus with some project management experience (certification not
 necessary), OR

Project Management career focus with some technical writing experience

Demonstrated ability to write clearly and concisely

Recent experience working in Framemaker, XML, component content management systems,
 and document control and/or configuration management systems

Demonstrated tools proficiency and aptitude

EDUCATION REQUIRED:

4-year Bachelor’s degree in Technical Writing or related field

YEARS OF EXPERIENCE: 1-3 Minimum

DESIRED START DATE: September 2014

DESIRED/PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Demonstrated experience/aptitude for the following things:

Experience working in regulated industry
Experience applying ISO regulations, FDA QSR Design Controls, GMP, etc. into the design
 of technical documentation
Preference for multi-tasking
Skilled at analyzing and organizing data
Ability to influence and inspire others

Interested candidates should email a resume to hr@jpgassoc.com