Job Description
Job Title: Technical Writer
Location: Corporate Headquarters, Orlando, FL
Reports To: Program Manager

FLSA Status: Full-time, Exempt
Clearance: Ability to obtain Secret

Summary: The Technical Writer is responsible for developing, drafting and
 implementing program documents. The position needs to be intimately
 aware of policies, procedures and systems relative to the program and the
 Company.
Qualifications, Essential Duties and Responsibilities: To perform
 this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform
 each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed
 below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or
 ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made
 to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the
 essential functions. Other duties may be assigned.

Assist in the day to day processing activities of program documentation.
Research and write user and reference documentation, operations
 manuals, technical descriptions and procedure documentation.
Format and review deliverable documentation in accordance with
 Company practices and/or Department of Defense (DoD) standards, as
 required.
Explain or describe processes in a concise, technical, and professional
 manner.
Support continuous improvements for and development of the activities
 related to Documentation Control for Company deliverables.
Work in a fast-paced production environment with ability to handle
 multiple competing tasks and demands.

Supervisory Responsibilities: None at the current time.

Education and/or Experience:

Bachelors degree in English, Technical Writing or similar field. Four (4)
 years of professional experience can be substituted for two (2) years of
 the educational requirements.
Minimum 4 years experience in engineering/simulation discipline or
 relevant industry, performing technical documentation development.
Background in and Knowledge of DoD design documentation required to
 support simulation and training systems.
Knowledge and understanding of engineering source data, production
 design data, logistics source data and other related technical literature,
 as well as a knowledge of research methodology sufficient to develop
 authentic technical information.
Ability to research the operation of training and training support systems,
 reviewing specifications and/or complex engineering drawings, and
 physically examining samples as required.

Proficient in all Microsoft Office applications, Adobe Acrobat, and
 software applications used in document development, control and
 configuration management.

Carley Corporation is an EOE. AA/M/F/D/V. We participate in the E-Verify Employment
 Verification Program