Job Description

Aerohive Networks—the pioneer in controller-less Wi-Fi—reduces the cost and complexity of
 today's networks with cloud-enabled Wi-Fi and routing solutions for medium and large
 enterprise headquarters, branch offices and teleworkers. Aerohive’s award-winning
 cooperative control Wi-Fi architecture, public or private cloud-enabled network management,
 routing and VPN solutions eliminate costly controllers and single points of failure. This gives
 its customers mission critical reliability with granular security, policy enforcement and the
 ability to start small and expand without limitations.

Aerohive Networks is the right place to be and now is the right time to join us and be part of
 our spectacular growth and success. We're looking for the best and the brightest 'A' players
 who want to make a difference doing a job they love. Aerohive offers attractive compensation
 and excellent benefits. We even have a Fun Committee that supports various community
 causes.

We currently have an exciting opportunity for a dedicated, creative, senior-level technical
 writer with a solid understanding of the following network and wireless protocols and
 principles:

Wireless LAN: SSIDs, QoS, 802.11n, VoIP
Layer 2 switching: VLANs, STP, IGMP, and LLDP
Network technologies like IPv4 and IPv6, DHCP, DNS, PPPoE, IPsec VPNs
Authentication: RADIUS, Active Directory, LDAP, Open Directory, 802.1X/EAP
Basic dynamic routing protocols: BGP, OSPF, and RIP
Security: stateful firewalls, DoS prevention, rogue detection and mitigation

You will have to combine theoretical networking and wireless knowledge with hands-on testing
 of product features to produce excellent technical documentation and contribute to the design
 and development of the features you are documenting.

 Job Requirements

Responsibilities

Document Aerohive router, wireless access point, switch, and VPN concentrator products.
 Your writing must explain what Aerohive technology is, and why, when, and how to use its
 various features
Create new content and update existing content in configuration guides, online context-
sensitive Help systems, CLI Help, error messages, release notes, and QuickStarts, all
 created for customer consumption
Work primarily on site at our headquarters in Sunnyvale, California

Qualifications

BA in English or BS in Computer Science with several years of technical writing experience
Proficiency using Adobe FrameMaker, MadCap Flare, and Microsoft Word
Familiarity with Adobe InDesign, Illustrator, and Acrobat
Strong writing skills, solid command of English grammar and punctuation (Do you know the
 difference between gerund and infinitive phrases?), and an ability to adapt to our writing
 styles
The ability to create and/or update technical line illustrations using Illustrator is a plus.
Fearlessness and enthusiasm when learning new technologies
Please be prepared to provide writing samples if asked
