10 Job Ads for Technical Communicators
---------------------------------
---------------------------------
(Job Ad 1) Technical Communicator
Midmark Corporation - Versailles, OH

Midmark Corporation brings efficient patient care to millions of people each day in the human and animal healthcare industries around the world. The most trusted name in medical, dental and veterinary healthcare equipment solutions, Midmark is committed to providing innovative products and services for the healthcare professional, integrating value-added technology into everything it does. With over 1,500 teammates worldwide, Midmark is dedicated to making a positive difference in the practice of healthcare. Headquartered in Dayton, Ohio, Midmark Corporation maintains five subsidiaries in the United States. To support international healthcare markets, it holds subsidiaries in France, India and Italy. For more information about Midmark, visit the company's Web site at midmark.com.

Be Extraordinary.
Take a chance and step outside the box. No matter how big or small the step is, make it a step towards an extraordinary career with Midmark. We want you to reach your full potential because we realize our teammates are our most valuable assets. Wherever your passions lie, you can find challenging and rewarding work at Midmark.

Our Culture is Unique.
Because we care™ is not just words but the way we live. We make a difference each day and challenge ourselves to be better than the best. Our people choose us because of our reputation for excellence and our work environment in which our values are lived every day.

Description 

Midmark Corporation is hiring a Technical Communicator!

Midmark Corporation seeks a Technical Communicator who is self motivated, innovative, and a risk taker. Come join our unique culture and grow with us! We offer an extensive benefits package for full time teammates including not only medical, dental, and vision insurance but gain sharing, profit sharing, 401(k) match, and tuition reimbursement!

Our Engineering Vision is by 2017, engineering will create break-through methods that keep improving and adapting our processes, while satisfying dynamic customer requirements. This capability will double our new product development capacity representing our best assurance of building the company to hand it off to the next generation of teammates financially sound. And we need your help to achieve our vision!

Here are some of the responsibilities you will be tasked with: 

Analyze complex parts and assemblies to create/modify technical documentation to applicable standards/templates.
Evaluating and applying engineering techniques, procedures, and criteria, to using judgment in technical writing/illustrating decisions, editing/proofreading, adaptations, and/or modifications.
Collaborate on project teams, lead project teams, and direct activities of team members.
Deliver technical communications in multiple media (paper, video, audio, internet) documents related to the design engineering function. Documentation of theory of operation, installation guides, user manuals, service manuals and assist with engineering change orders.
Ensure that the technical information complies with all specified regulatory agencies. Typically U.L., C.S.A., and F.D.A.
Use your strong writing skills to create product manuals for a global audience, using appropriate language, diction, and style.

Position Requirements 

We are recruiting a Technical Communicator. We are looking for:

Two year degree or 2 years of technical writing/illustration experience
Familiar with Adobe products, PTC Creo, Oracle, and Internet functionality
Very strong organization, problem solving, and interpersonal skills
Self motivated and able to develop positive working relationships with coworkers
Strong analytical skills
Committed to self development growth and expanding your knowledge base
An energetic teammate that works to create a positive work environment
Be optimistic about change and explore new methodologies by continuously seeking to enhance your skill set. Don’t settle for the methods you know…what else is out there?


Full-Time/Part-Time 
Full-Time 

Shift 
Days 

Travel Requirements 
We value a work and life balance, so your travel will be limited. 

EOE Statement 
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.

-------------------------------------
-------------------------------------
(Job Ad 2) Lead Technical Writer, Cloud
GE - US , Michigan , Van Buren Township

About Us 
GE (NYSE: GE) works on things that matter. The best people and the best technologies taking on the toughest challenges. Finding solutions in energy, health and home, transportation and finance. Building, powering, moving and curing the world. Not just imagining. Doing. GE works. For more information, visit the company's website at www.ge.com
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer . Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. 

Relocation Expenses 
No 

Role Summary/Purpose 
The Lead Technical Writer is a key member of the Enterprise Application Standards team, tasked to create end user documentation based on technical specifications / documentation created by Cloud architects and infrastructure leads. Translating infrastructure design detail into content and language that can be easily and readily be consumed by Application teams tasked to move Applications into the Cloud. 

Essential Responsibilities 
Collaborate with Corporate IT and GE Business Unit architects to review and create high quality documentation for consumption by GE Application teams and Cloud service delivery teams
Actively participate in daily EAS technical committees and working teams
Write documentation which may include API, UI, administration, and implementation of Cloud services
Review, and edit /update new and existing Cloud service provider and / or Cloud service delivery technical documentation to validate for accuracy, clarity, consistency, and overall quality.
Plan, track, and suggest improvements to the overall documentation strategy and identify tools and processes to automate
Identify external communities outside of GE to forge relationships and build awareness of GE's Cloud strategy
Work closely with Subject Matter Experts (SME's) to "translate" complicated technical concepts into understandable content for Application teams


Qualifications/Requirements 
Bachelors Degree with a minimum of 5 years' experience in a technical role
A minimum of 4 years of experience in technical writing position with proven ability to write quality documentation from concept to completion
A minimum of 2 years experience in documenting software and infrastructure
Must be willing to work out of an office located in Michigan
Must be willing to travel


Additional Eligibility Qualifications 
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation and drug screen. 

Desired Characteristics 
A Bachelors degree, and/or technical communications certification preferred
Experience in documenting software in complex cross function environment within IT or software development
Excellent verbal and written skills: Professional communicator and collaborator with a keen eye for quality and detail, including strong working knowledge and application of style guidelines and industry practices
Track record of working with high velocity engineering organizations, both startups and large corporations
Ability to work under time pressure to meet frequent deadlines
A self-starter" with excellent communication skills and the ability collaborate across multiple teams in development and QA organizations
Experience writing about complex engineering topics. Ability to write to technical audiences.
Ability to learn new technology quickly, experience in IT infrastructure, IT Applications or Cloud
Knowledge of using an XML-based authoring tool preferred

Section 19 Job 
YOU MUST BE ABLE TO SATISFY THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 19 OF THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE ACT.

-------------------------------
-------------------------------
(Job Ad 3) Specifications Writer
Carlton Staffing - Fort Worth

Carlton Staffing is looking for a talented, professional individual in either the Fort Worth or Houston area to serve as a Specifications Writer. The ideal candidate should be a good communicator, needing to coordinate with architects, designers, directors/principals and consultants (the entire project team) in the development of project manuals. The successful candidate will work closely with, and be assigned projects by, the Director of Specifications.
RESPONSIBILTIES:
•Interprets architectural and engineering plans to prepare project manuals.
•Conducts quality reviews of construction drawings while researching and preparing specifications.
•Aware of the products on the market, including the continually changing manufacturers to help maintain in-office Masters.
•Assists in maintaining and developing the firm library for use of the specifications writer, designers and architects.
•Prepares project manuals including general conditions and has a clear, fundamental understanding of the legalities involved in each of the AIA Contract Documents.
•Has a clear understanding of the different project delivery methods (e.g. CSP, Construction Management, Design-Build) and how they affect the contractual requirements within the project manual.
•Prepares progress and proposal/bid set printings, assuring that documents are ready for printing, sealing, signing and distribution.
•Works with both our Fort Worth and Houston offices to prepare specifications that are unique to each.
Desired Skills and Experience
REQUIREMENTS:
•A minimum of three years architectural specifications writing experience. 
•Architectural degree preferred. 
•Strong written and verbal communication skills.
•Proficiency in Microsoft Word required.
•Knowledge of LEED®, CHPS, building code and energy code required.
•Working knowledge of AutoCAD and Revit desired.
About this companyFollow company
Carlton Staffing is a full service staffing firm with over 30 years experience providing real staffing solutions to leading businesses and job seekers of Houston, Dallas, and Fort Worth. 

We specialize in temporary, temp-to-hire, and direct hire placements in the following areas: Administrative & Clerical, Light Industrial & Technical, Accounting & Finance, 
Skilled Trades, Lending & Title & more!

For our Customers
We have been exceeding our clients’ expectations for more than twenty-eight years. 
• We understand our clients’ businesses and their specific needs.
• We consistently provide the highest quality candidates.
• We are continuously developing value-added programs to enhance customer service. 

We are committed to solving our customers’ staffing challenges with passion, integrity, a focus on teamwork and service excellence. We never stop working to make sure that each customer is delighted with their decision to use Carlton Staffing!


For Texas Job-Seekers
Our candidates and employees are the key to our success and we strive to provide you with the best opportunities to accomplish your professional goals. Carlton is consistently ranked among the leading firms for administrative, accounting, lending & title, light industrial, technical, and skilled trade staffing. Whether you are interested in temporary, temp-to-hire, or direct hire jobs, we are ready to work for you!

Visit www.carltonstaffing.com to learn more about Carlton Staffing's employment solutions.

------------------------------------
------------------------------------
(Job Ad 4) Staff Technical Writer, Platform
GE Software - San Francisco Bay Area

As a Staff Technical Writer, you will collaborate with Software Engineering and Quality Engineering teams to develop technical documentation using the DITA structured authoring architecture, actively participate with other technical writers to continuously refine the documentation development process in an Agile environment, and help drive the documentation efforts that support the goals and objectives of our new Software Center of Excellence (based in San Ramon, California).Essential Responsibilities
In this role, you will:
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, primarily Software Engineering and Quality Engineering, to produce and release accurate, high-quality documentation for consumption by our GE internal technical customer base
Actively participate in daily Scrum stand-up meetings , weekly planning, and review meetings
Write API, UI, administration, and installation guides, which may include developer and administration guides
Use XMetaL as the authoring tool within a CMS under source control to create and structured content in DITA
Review, and edit /update new and existing platform-based documentation to validate for accuracy, clarity, consistency, and overall quality
Track and manage project efforts Perform other tasks as directed by the Information Development Manager.
Qualifications/Requirements
A minimum of 5 years of experience in technical writing position with proven ability to write quality documentation from concept to completion
A minimum of 3 years' experience in documenting software
 
Eligibility Requirements:
Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job
Must be willing to work out of an office located in San Ramon, CA
Must be willing to travel
Desired Skills and Experience
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Engineering or in a STEM major (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math)
Experience in documenting software in an Agile development environment
Excellent verbal and written skills: Professional communicator and collaborator with a keen eye for quality and detail, including strong working knowledge and application of style guidelines and industry practices
Track record of working with high velocity engineering organizations, both startups and large corporations
Ability to work under time pressure to meet frequent deadlines.
A "self-starter" with excellent communication skills and the ability collaborate across multiple teams in development and QA organizations Experience writing about complex engineering topics.
Ability to write to technical audiences. (Terms like JSON, OSGi, SOAP, and J2EE don't scare you)
Ability to learn new technology quickly, experience in API or platform and services documentation a plus
Knowledge of using an XML-based authoring tool preferred

-----------------------------------
-----------------------------------
(Job Ad 5) Content Writer and Editor
Intuit - San Francisco Fourth Street, CA

Job Description
Demandforce, Inc., an Intuit company, is a leading online marketing and communication software service.  We help local businesses thrive in the Internet economy using email communications, text messaging and online services. Demandforce combines an award winning communications platform with best-in-class reputation and networking tools into one powerful web-based application that seamlessly integrates with existing workflow systems to help businesses build a strong online reputation and leverage local network marketing.

Founded in 2003, Demandforce has collected more than 2 million consumer reviews, which are published across the Web, and has generated more than $3 billion dollars for its clients. The Demandforce Network connects end clients to almost 40 million local consumers. For more information on how to use Demandforce, please visit www.demandforce.com.

Demandforce is looking for a content writer and editor to assist the community and content team. We provide solutions for our customers to resolve their problems quickly and get back to doing business. We make this happen with self-service help and member-to-member discussion forums.

Responsibilities:
Write, edit, and publish knowledge base articles, email and chat templates, and other materials that answer our customers’ questions and help them resolve problems
Collaborate with community and content team to evolve voice and tone of Demandforce customer care content, and make sure content reflects that voice.
Collaborate with customer care, marketing, product, engineering, and other teams to create and revise content.
Use metrics and feedback to improve existing content and identify knowledge gaps that require new content.
Dig into unglamorous and/or repetitive grunt work required to keep our knowledge base and community up to date and visually consistent. Nobody loves grunt work, but we all do it. Customers notice when we don’t.

Qualifications:
5 years writing and editing online customer care content such as help pages, knowledge base articles, email communications, in-product messaging.
Desire to empower customers by providing excellent self-service content.
Ability to present information in a way that customers can follow regardless of tech saviness
Ability to handle multiple projects with competing deadlines and ambiguous, changing details.
Experience with creating and editing screen captures.
Comfortable with basic HTML.
Bachelor's degree in English, communications, journalism, or related discipline.

Imagine a career where your creative inspiration can fuel BIG innovation.&nbsp; Year-over-year, Intuit has been recognized as a best employer and is consistently ranked on Fortune’s “100 Best Companies To Work For” and Fortune World’s “Most Admired Software Companies” lists. Immerse yourself in our award winning culture while creating breakthrough solutions that simplify the lives of consumers and small businesses and their customers worldwide.
Intuit is expanding its social, mobile, and global footprint with a full suite of products and services that are revolutionizing the industry.  Utilizing design for delight and lean startup methodologies, our entrepreneurial employees have brought more than 250 innovations to market – from QuickBooks®, Quicken®, and TurboTax®, to GoPayment, Mint.com, big data, cloud (SaaS, PaaS) and mobile apps.  The breadth and depth of these customer-driven innovations mean limitless opportunities for you to turn your ingenious ideas into reality at Intuit.
Discover what it’s like to be part of a team that rewards taking risks and trying new things. It’s time to love what you do! Check out all of our career opportunities at: jobs.intuit.com.  EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
Intuit will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

--------------------------------
--------------------------------
(Job Ad 6) Web Content Writer
Reputation.com - Tempe, AZ

Job description
Reputation.com, Inc., is seeking qualified candidates for full-time writing positions. We are accepting applications from recent college graduates in addition to more experienced writers. We are looking to build a talented, motivated team of writers who will create high quality content for our clients while adhering to weekly quota and quality guidelines. These writers will collaborate closely with our California-based team of editors on content creation via email, Skype, and our online collaboration platform. Strong candidates will be skilled writers looking for an opportunity to create effective and engaging content and be part of a dynamic publication and editorial team.

Responsibilities
Research and write client-focused content while adhering to the in-house style guide and standard content processes.
Adhere to internal company guidelines for SEO and ORM in all written content.
Meet deadline, quality, and weekly quota expectations.
Incorporate feedback from the editorial team based on quality reviews.
Rewrite or revise previously written content if minimum quality standards are not met.
Assist in the development of improvements and best practices for content creation.
Desired Skills and Experience
Excellent writing, proofreading, and fact-checking skills.
College degree in a related subject area, such as journalism, communications, or English.
Previous experience writing, whether professionally or on a volunteer basis, is preferred.
Familiarity with the Chicago Manual of Style is preferred.
Willingness to learn and make changes in a fast-paced, rapidly changing work environment.
Ability to interact effectively and work collaboratively and to adapt to changing assignments and priorities.
Additional Details 
This is a full-time position based out of our office in Tempe.

------------------------------
------------------------------
(Job Ad 7) Digital Content Writer
FramesDirect.com - Austin, Texas Area

OUR OPPORTUNITY:
FramesDirect.com is looking for a talented Digital Content Writer to manage on-site content generation and publishing to support and drive our organic search (SEO) efforts. The Content Writer will work collaboratively with our product, creative, and marketing departments to help plan, write, edit, and upload copy that represents the voice of FramesDirect.com, as well as other properties. This position requires excellent copywriting skills and a good understanding of SEO techniques. The Content Writer's main goals are:
to produce quality content that will not only appear in search engines, but drive traffic to the site, and convert into sales.
to increase FramesDirect.com's visibility for target keywords/phrases in organic search.
 
RESPONSIBILITIES:
 
Content Writing/Creation:
Research topics and write compelling copy for on-site pages, assets, product descriptions, blog posts, that will educate visitors, help with ranking on search engines.
Ensure all copy is optimized for SEO; continually seek out best practices in SEO regarding copy.
Contribute to the blog weekly. Help reorganize and revamp the blog
Proof copy on all marketing initiatives: site banners, emails, direct mail
Create and maintain a style guide for copy, establishing clear guidelines on how copy is to be written for each brand and site
 
Content Marketing:
Create compelling content that makes FramesDirect.com appear as the online authority in Eyeglasses, Sunglasses, Prescription Sunglasses and Contact lenses (eyewear trends, new products (rx lenses or frames), new brand launches, prescription related information, how to sections etc…). The position will require regular interactions with the frame vendors, the opticians on staff and the Product Department in charge of updating the online catalog. The goal is to educate customers without selling and attract back-links from other websites.
Update or create landing pages on the site adding the proper links, images, or videos
Coordinate and manage content schedule/plan and assets. Execute the content schedule/plan utilizing the content management system (CMS) to upload both copy and content assets
 
General SEO strategy:
Participate in the strategy of improving authority for the site, making recommendations in terms of on-page improvements following best practices and Google updates
Work hand in hand with the technical SEO manager and the Social Media manager to come up with content strategies to increase rankings for certain keywords.
 
Desired Skills and Experience
SKILLS:
Excellent copy writing skills: creative writing, solid grammar, and impeccable spelling are a must
Good knowledge of organic search and search engine marketing
Website analytics software (Google Analytics)
Basic HTML knowledge mandatory
Experience with WordPress
Ecommerce experience
Basic Photoshop skills a plus
Interest in Fashion a plus
Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree, preferably in Marketing or Journalism
3-5+ years experience in Search Engine Optimization, search marketing, or online marketing
Track record in creating engaging and compelling content.

--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
(Job Ad 8) Web Content Copywriter
OSSCube - Austin, Texas Area

ob description
OSSCube, a rapidly growing Austin, TX based service provider is looking for an experienced content writer to support web, direct marketing and social media initiatives. The ideal candidate will have experience in writing professional services or software application (specifically open source) content.  The ability to create SEO optimized content is highly desirable. This is a full time contract to hire position
 
Responsibilities:
Manage writing projects on a day-to-day basis collaboratively with various team members
Writing SEO optimized copy for website
Managing content deadlines, prioritize higher needs like events and announcements
Creating and optimizing landing page content
Creating and optimizing email copy
Understanding and creating content that aligns with our business strategy
Proactively contribute ideas to projects
Work with others to effectively complete scope of work so that it is top quality
Consistently meet project deadlines 
Desired Skills and Experience
Be a team player with the proven ability to interact with marketing, sales and partners.  Proven experience with writing copy for technology services or software applications.  Open Source experience a plus.  Possess superior written and oral communication skills.  Bachelor degree or equivalent desired.
 
OSSCube is an equal opportunity employer
 
Check us out on Glassdoor to see what our employees are saying about working here!

-----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
(Job Ad 9)  Technical Writer, Manager, Developer Relations
Google - Mountain View, CA, USA

Job description
Technical writers take complex information and communicate it clearly, concisely and accurately without relying on technical or corporate jargon to explain what they're trying to say. With a unique cross functional perspective, our team of technical writers are the key link between our engineers, marketing associates, developer advocates and external users and developers who comprise the wide Google ecosystem. As a Technical Writer, you juggle a variety of projects, from reading and writing example code, to updating FAQs, to drafting product announcements. When a new technical challenge rises to forefront, you are there to defuse it with your clarifying pen (or keyboard, more likely).  Using your extensive technical and leadership experience, you manage a team of writers, setting direction, giving feedback, collaborating internally and lending specific content expertise.

As a Technical Writer, you will communicate with hundreds of thousands of developers worldwide through conceptual documentation, training and instructional content, API References, sample code, and videos. You'll have plenty of opportunity to inspire our developer community through the creation of simple code samples or complex sample applications that will supplement core documentation. You might have a background as a developer, and write as a hobby; or perhaps you're an experienced communicator who loves digging deep into code. One thing is for certain - you are passionate about helping developers do amazing things.

Responsibilities
Lead a team of Technical Writers, setting the goals, priorities and vision.
Write technical documentation for our external developer audience, such as API reference docs and developer guides.
Design and organize documentation sets for new APIs and developer products.
Edit, clarify, and proofread documents written by others, and coach non-writers on ways to improve their writing skills.
Manage complex documentation projects.

Minimum qualifications
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
Team management experience.
Experience with product documentation, product communications, technical publications or media.
Experience working with source code written in C++, Python and/or JavaScript.

Preferred qualifications
6 years of relevant work experience, including experience researching and writing excellent documentation for developers (APIs, SDKs, web technologies).
Ability to manage multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment
Excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to build strong relationships and evangelize the craft with internal stakeholders.

Area

Making the world's information universally accessible and useful doesn't stop at the desktop. The Mobile team builds tools to get you the information you need no matter where you are. Our open-source Android operating system has become the world's most popular mobile ecosystem, powering hundreds of devices from smartphones to tablets. Whether adding to the core Android experience, forging new markets for digital content, creating immersive and portable versions of our products or managing relationships with a global community of developers, the Mobile team is giving you Google on the go.

Technical Writing
-------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------
(Job Ad 10) Technical Writer
GE - US , California , San Ramon

Relocation Expenses 
No 

Role Summary/Purpose 
Part of GE's internal developer platform team the Technical Writer is a critical part of transforming GE's global software development community. They are accountable for creating the customer, support, and technical documentation for use by GE's global development community. 

Essential Responsibilities 

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to produce and release accurate, high-quality documentation for consumption by our GE development teams
Actively participate in daily Scrum stand-up meetings, weekly planning, and review meetings
Write developer and administration guides which may include API, UI, administration, and installation guides
Review, and edit /update new and existing platform-based documentation to validate for accuracy, clarity, consistency, and overall quality
Plan, track, and suggest improvements to the overall documentation strategy

Qualifications/Requirements 

Bachelors Degree Or High School Diploma/GED with a minimum of 5 years' experience in a technical role
A minimum of 4 years of experience in technical writing position with proven ability to write quality documentation from concept to completion
A minimum of 2 years experience in documenting software
Must be considered a 'US Person' in compliance with US ITAR regulations
Must be willing to work out of an office located in San Ramon, CA
Must be willing to take a drug test and submit to a background investigation as part of the selection process
Must be 18 years or older
Must be willing to travel
You must submit your application for employment on the careers page at www.gecareers.com to be considered

Additional Eligibility Qualifications 
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation and drug screen. 

Desired Characteristics 

Master's degree, and/or technical communications certification preferred
Experience in documenting software in an Agile development environment
Excellent verbal and written skills: Professional communicator and collaborator with a keen eye for quality and detail, including strong working knowledge and application of style guidelines and industry practices
Track record of working with high velocity engineering organizations, both startups and large corporations
Ability to work under time pressure to meet frequent deadlines
A "self-starter" with excellent communication skills and the ability collaborate across multiple teams in development and QA organizations
Experience writing about complex engineering topics. Ability to write to technical audiences. (Terms like JSON, OSGi, SOAP, and J2EE don't scare you)
Ability to learn new technology quickly, experience in API or platform and services documentation a plus
Knowledge of using an XML-based authoring tool preferred


