Job description
 
 Senior Technical Writer
 
Description:
Design and create a variety of technical publications related to Genesys Telecommunications software.
 The successful candidate will understand and be adept at the roles and responsibilities associated with a
 senior technical writer in the software industry.  This candidate should also have some experience
 documenting APIs and working with SDKs, possibly having written code snippets and samples that
 illustrate their use.  He or she will work with Development, Quality Assurance, Technical Support,
 Professional Services, and Training Departments in a cross-functional, team environment to gather
 information, and then create and maintain high-quality technical documentation.  Preference will be
 given to candidates familiar with and interested in innovative strategies for technical content production
 and deployment.  The successful candidate should be based in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Responsibilities:
Acquire and organize basic source material for transformation and synthesis into customer-facing
 documentation that meets a high standard for accuracy and readability.
Work with Development, Quality Assurance, and Product/Project Management to ensure
 appropriate creation and timely deliverables to coincide with software product releases.
Work cooperatively with other technical writing staff to ensure appropriate coverage of several
 kinds of product releases.
Continually seek to improve existing documentation processes and content.
Maintain a high level of knowledge in the field of technical publications.
Achieve a high degree of product knowledge in order to produce quality materials.
Seek to provide innovation for the packaging and delivery of technical publications.
Follow corporate style guides to ensure a consistent look and feel for publications.
Requirements:
Significant experience writing technical publications for a technical audience.
Experience with professional technical writing tools and HTML to create and manage technical
 publications.
Experience documenting software APIs for a technical audience.
Excellent organization, communication, and interpersonal skills.
Familiarity with online content-delivery tools and platforms.
Significant experience in working with extremely complex technical solutions.
Desired experience includes familiarity with contact-center software, telecommunications
 technology and standards, network-based solutions, or other highly technical systems.

 
Genesys is a leading provider of multi-channel customer experience and contact center solutions. With
 over 3,500 customers in 80 countries, Genesys orchestrates more than 100 million customer interactions
 every day across the contact center and back office. Genesys helps customers power optimal customer
 experiences that deliver consistent, seamless and personalized experiences across all touchpoints,
 channels and interactions.