Job description

At ACTIVE Network, we are building solutions for all types of activity organizations helping them
 automate, simplify, and grow their businesses. Our cloud technology powers business events and
 conferences, community programs, parks departments, local attractions, faith-based organizations,
 sports events, and outdoor activities. We deliver technology that changes the way the world gets active.

 But ACTIVE is more than a technology company. It’s a company of passionate people that live to be
 ACTIVE. We are inspired by our customers. We are fueled by challenge. As a member of the ACTIVE
 team, you must embrace our exciting work-hard, play-hard environment and bring your passion,
 dedication and creativity each and every day. ACTIVE’s team members are focused on results and
 committed to excellence. Together, we are making the world a more ACTIVE place.

 In this highly visible position reporting to the Senior Management of Sales Operations, you will
 coordinate the production of proactive winning proposals and responses to client and prospect requests
 (e.g., RFP, RFQ, RFI). You will assist in analyzing incoming requests; coordinating internal flow of
 information, resources and proposal inputs; and ensuring the integrity and compliance of all proposal
 documentation and submissions. This position requires an engagement in customer needs as well as a
 high level understanding of solution selling in a SaaS/Government Services environment. A positive,
 collegial attitude and high level of professionalism are essential for this position to coordinate internal
 processes and meet external facing requirements.

You will work with Sales and Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to develop, organize and update proposal
 materials. You will be responsible for:

Have responsibility for varied aspects of the proposal process: organizing responses from internal
 stakeholders.
Identifying needed information and gathering information from SMEs,
Tracking compliance reviews/checklists,
Scheduling all stages of delivery,
Contributing proposal sections using appropriate writing style consistent with organizational
 guidelines and value added selling; and producing final submission.
Create proposal outlines.
Coordinate with internal staff and partners/subcontractors.
Gather/write/copy/edit proposal materials to produce a winning and compliant sales document.
Manage the logistics behind proposal submission (e.g., compliance, printing, binding, delivery,
 etc.).
Edit proposal text provided by sales/technical staff; proof-read and perform all quality checks of
 proposals under tight time constraints.
Be responsible for hands-on desktop publishing, managing the production of draft and final text
 and graphics (including templates, headings, tables, charts, graphs) according to corporate and
 general style standards.
Develop an end to end plan for the proposal including required resources, assignments.
Maintain real-time status of each proposal’s assignments and development.
Manage and update logs and repository of past performance and boilerplate catalog.
Work with internal teams, as needed to gather information concerning potential upcoming
 requests
Participate with the Sales and Marketing teams to develop innovative approaches to communicate
 our product’s benefits and value propositions to public sector agencies.

Other duties may be assigned consistent with the objectives of the business.

Skills/Requirements 

Minimum of 5-10 years’ experience writing and coordinating proposals: in response to State
 and/or Federal RFPs in the U.S.; familiarity with Canadian government procurement a plus.
Bachelor’s degree in relevant field.
Working knowledge of SharePoint a plus.
Experience in software and services solutions strongly desired.
High degree of proficiency with advanced features of the Microsoft Office Suite (Word,
 PowerPoint, Excel) and Adobe Acrobat; knowledge of graphics software (Visio, Photoshop, etc.)
 and ability to produce creative document designs and layouts is an asset.
Extremely flexible schedule necessary to work the hours needed to meet non-negotiable
 deadlines without losing effectiveness or quality.

Important Requirements:

Strong oral and written communications skills; must be a good listener – major portion of collegial
 interactions must be accomplished successfully by phone.
Strong knowledge of internet and software technologies with ability to effectively communicate
 with technical subject matter experts and translate into non-technical material.
Requires an attitude for doing whatever work it takes to get the job done well.
Above average facilitation, organization and project management skills.
Analytical and decision-making skills.
Proactive nature with ability to solve problems.
Self-starter able to manage work independently and set high standards for work performance.
Able to effectively manage internal business relationships with a variety of subject matter experts
 and internal customers.
Close attention to quality and accuracy.
Must acquire familiarity with our public sector solutions and corporate organization and utilize this
 knowledge in preparing responses and gathering project data from internal sources.
Proven ability to coordinate multiple projects simultaneously; ability to multi-task with a high sense
 of urgency and attention to detail is essential.

Perks and Benefits: 

Great work environment and awesome co-workers.
Competitive compensation + benefits, including medical insurance and 401k with matching.
ACTIVEx, our award winning employee participation program, will help you grow personally and
 professionally.
Our ACTIVE Advantage program will help you save on activities, gear and travel.

 ACTIVE Network is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

About this company

At ACTIVE Network, we are building solutions for all types of activity organizations helping them
 automate, simplify and grow their businesses. Our cloud technology powers business events and
 conferences, community programs, parks departments, local attractions, faith-based organizations,
 sports events, and outdoor activities. We deliver technology that changes the way the world gets active.

But ACTIVE is more than a technology company. It’s a company of passionate people that live to be
 ACTIVE. We are inspired by our customers. We are fueled by challenge. As a member of the ACTIVE
 team, you must embrace our exciting work-hard, play-hard environment and bring your passion,
 dedication and creativity each and every day. ACTIVE’s team members are focused on results and
 committed to excellence. Together, we are making the world a more ACTIVE place.
