DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:

 

Work with the Publications Team on revisions of manuals, handbooks, and guides.

 

Prepare updates and revisions based on Southwest Airlines policies and procedures, as well as changes received from Boeing.

 

Interact with other departments that publish manuals to verify the manuals agree with other Southwest Airlines references.

 

Assist Publications Specialists and Technical Writers with special projects.

 
Qualifications:

 

Basic Qualifications:

 

High School Diploma, GED or equivalent education required.

 

Must be at least 18 years of age.

 

Must have authorization to work in the United States as defined by the Immigration Reform Act of 1986.

 

EDUCATION:

 

Major in Communications, Journalism, Technical Writing, or English required.

 

Interest in Technical Writing is required.

 

Minimum sophomore level.

 

To be eligible must be currently enrolled as a full time student (minimum 12 credit hours).

 

Maintained 2.5 or above cumulative GPA.

 

Experience Preferred:

 

General Interest in Aviation field a plus.

 

Proficient with Microsoft Office Applications, specifically Word and PowerPoint.

 

Experience with Adobe Acrobat preferred.

 

Web design/Framemaker background is a plus.

 

Experience in XML is preferred.

 

Experience in technical writing preferred.

 

Skills/Abilities/Knowledge/Work Style:

 

Excellent written communication skills required.

 

Ability to work independently.

 

Interest and aptitude for technical writing.

 

Please be prepared to provide the following information (if requested):

 

Resume.

 

Unofficial transcript.

 

“Why Southwest Airlines” essay (Length determined by author.)

 

Letters of Recommendation.

 

Two writing samples- published or un-published.

 

Time Commitment:

 

Full Time- 40 hours per week.

 

This position may require travel.

 

PAY:

 

$12.00 hourly + flight privileges

 

This internship is located in Dallas, Texas at the Southwest Airlines Headquarters building.