Job Description

We are looking for someone for our Wireless side of the business. Someone who is familiar with
 graphical interfaces, controlling microcontrollers. Documenting hardware and describing user interfaces.

BROAD FUNCTION: Technical writer. The primary responsibility of the Technical Writer will be to help
 create, edit, and organize useful, accurate, and compelling technical information and web content in
 support of the many exciting software/hardware initiatives and product lines emerging from the
 companys Wireless Groups. (Areas of focus will include, but may not be limited to, Integrated Radio (IR)
 product line, Cellular Machines product family, and Control Solutions.) The technical communications
 discipline will be particularly vital in new, higher volume target markets for these new product offerings

Required Skills

Excellent writing and communication skills
Excellent interpersonal skills, across all disciplines (engineering, marketing, sales, developers,
 installers, and customers).
Previous experience managing content on wikis, CMSs, blogs, etc.
Prefer previous experience with / knowledge of software coding, hardware/software interfaces, etc.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelors degree in engineering software or computer science emphasis preferred
Five years of experience in writing technical documentation and other forms of technical content.

Principal Duties And Responsibilities

Develop technical communications strategies/key messaging, write, and edit the following categories of
 technical content -- using either common word-processing software (eg: Word, Publisher, etc.) or online
 web-content management systems (e.g.: Drupal CMS for website, wikimedia, etc.):
datasheets
developer and user manuals
Quick Start Guides
installation summaries & tips
regulatory text (in concert with / advisement from both engineering and legal)
by-lined and ghost-written technical articles for trade magazines or trade websites (including guest
blogs, distributor communities, etc.)
white papers
application &/or demo notes
wikis
online FAQs (in response to both internally generated and customer-supplied questions)
standard responses to Live Chat and technical support inquiries
posts on both blog and other technical community blogs
user community forum posts
video scripts & outlines
tutorials (using Camtasia or like screen-capture software)
other website / storefront content (of a more technical nature)
Work in a team/multi-disciplinary environment including product management, hardware engineering,
 software engineering, field sales, and marketing -- to arrive at best technical-communication strategies to 
 support new product introductions and ongoing product-marketing programs.
Having established the top-level, technical-communication strategies, work closely with the members of
 the above team to gain an understanding of the products technical specifications, operation, installation
 requirements, troubleshooting routines, and overall customer experience.
Research, write, and edit content to support all of the aforementioned tools/tactics.
Where applicable, follow sound document control procedures (including approval loops, QC, draft-
management, etc.)
Monitor and update previously published technical content as necessary, to account for software or
 hardware updates.
In concert/coordination with marketing communications team -- interface/direct outside resources
 needed to complete technical communications; these outside entities may include graphic designers,
 video production companies, photographers, web developers, editors, among others.

About this company

We provide technical staffing services to clients around the country, offering all types of engineers,
 designers, computer programmers, project managers and other professionals. Our reputation for
 consistent quality, service and responsiveness to our clients continues to generate growth. We are now
 one of the fastest growing contract engineering firms in the United States.