Job description
Helmer Scientific, a leading manufacturer and distributor of laboratory and refrigerated storage products
 located in Noblesville, IN, is currently seeking a Technical Writer.
Quality user documentation is essential to the success of our customers and our company.  The
 Technical Writer provides support for new and existing Helmer Scientific product lines by developing and
 writing manuals, user guides, technical data specifications, technical reports, validation documentation,
 quick references and other content to help laboratory clinicians, researchers, and others optimize the
 use of our products.  The technical writer is passionate about clear and concise scientific
 communication, experienced at gathering information, and detail-oriented.  The technical writer will be
 responsible for coordinating the display of content, graphics, photos/illustrations, and the production of
 the document.  The technical writer will work with internal and external partners to obtain consensus and
 approvals per established procedures.
Primary Responsibilities:

Promotes Helmer Scientific values as reflected in personal productivity and quality of work;
 maintains positive internal/external relationships; seeks and considers diverse perspectives; is
 committed to individual development and achievement of company goals/objectives.
Develop high-quality scientific/technical documentation for end users for existing and new product
 lines from information and data provided by R&D engineers, product managers, and other key
 business team members. (e.g., manuals, user guides, service kit instructions, validation
 documentation)

Synthesize and organize information in a logical and concise way that meets the needs of
 the target audience.
Proactively solicit information from other experts within the company as needed (e.g.
 technical support, product managers, R&D).
Attend product development and other team meetings and interact with subject experts on
 a daily basis.
Work with multiple authoring tools, including Word, InDesign, and Illustrator.
Manage documents within a document control system
Critically assess engineering change notices and gain agreement across multiple
 departments (e.g., technical support, R&D, and marketing) regarding proposed changes to
 existing documents.
Follow all processes, style guides, templates, and brand guidelines.
Identify and communicate risks to project deadlines in advance.

Provide ongoing quality improvement and accuracy in technical documentation.

Identify and suggest improvements to processes and deliverables.
Solicit and incorporate feedback from internal and external customers to improve document
 quality.

Generate general technical and communication documents including technical bulletins.
Product documentation and support to Key Customers
Develop training materials for sales and marketing relative to new and existing products.
Other duties/responsibilities as assigned.

Desired Skills and Experience
Requirements: Relative Work Experience:  3-5 years technical writing experience preferred. Education: 

 Bachelor’s degree in Technical Communication, Engineering/Engineering Technology or related field. 
 Scientific discipline is a plus. Computer Systems / Software:  Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite; Adobe
 Creative Suite knowledge/experience required. Key Competencies:

Ability to manage multiple projects with multiple deliverable simultaneously.
Ability to write and/or edit clearly, concisely, and quickly under tight deadlines.
Thorough understanding of technical/scientific content, grammar, and punctuation.
Excellent communication and proofreading skills.
Superior attention to detail and consistency and high regard for quality.
Ability to comprehend and synthesize data concisely and analytically.
Ability to effectively adapt structure, tone, and style to meet needs of business.
Strong relationship management, project management, and critical thinking skills.
Advanced knowledge of relevant style guide(s) and best practices.
Professional demeanor and ability to work in cross-functional teams.
Strong personal initiative and ability to work independently.
Ability to effectively express ideas and information that is appropriate to both the complexity of the
 topic and the knowledge and understanding of the target audience.

Helmer provides a competitive salary, 401(k), group medical/dental/vision/life insurance coverage and
 educational assistance.  Our culture is reflective of our core values, providing a positive team
 environment where all employees have the opportunity to fulfill their potential while performing
 meaningful and rewarding work. We are committed to serving our customers, team members, and the
 world community with our fullest capabilities every day, in everything we do.   To learn more about
 Helmer, visit our website at www.helmerinc.com.

About this company

Established in 1977 to serve the life science industry, Helmer is a manufacturer and worldwide distributor
 of high quality laboratory equipment and refrigerated product. Our headquarters are located in
 Noblesville, Indiana, where we exclusively m.anufacture Helmer Refrigerators, Freezers, Platelet
 Storage, and Plasma Thawing Systems. Our products are available direct in the U.S. and Canada, as
 well as through international distributors worldwide.

Helmer exists as a business to profitably demonstrate that:

Every individual is inherently valuable.
 Service is a way of living.
 Healthy relationships are everything.
 Together we can make a difference.
 We are to wisely use all we are and have.
 A good name is more valuable than gold.
 We were made to celebrate.
 Unrestrained ingenuity is dangerously effective.