Job description
Technical Writer, Sr in GAC Savannah

Unique Skills:

Understanding of and practical experience with Simplified Technical English, Spec ASD-STE100
Experience and working knowledge of aircraft inspection programs, aviation regulations, aircraft system
 content organization and OEM technical manuals development 
Experience with ENOVIA SmarTeam or similar Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) database products
Experience with S1000D specification, data module codes, XML authoring software and model base
 design engineering

Education and Experience Requirements:

 Bachelors degree or equivalent experience in the authoring of technical publications.Four (4) years of
 Technical Publications writing experience. Advanced knowledge of all aircraft systems methodology.
 See Other Requirements in Job Description.

Position Purpose: 
Responsible (either individually or with other team members) for the writing of major portions of technical
 publications. Supports the complete workflow process to ensure successful completion of each revision
 cycle and distribution of technical publications. Complies with established quality processes to ensure
 accuracy, ease of use and timely delivery of each revision cycle content. 

Principal Duties and Responsibilities: 

Essential Functions:1. Write technical publications content as directed. 2. Conduct reviews and analyze
 technical documents to gain a thorough understanding of how complex systems operate and how they
 are to be integrated into technical manuals to provide the end user with the level of text and graphics to
 support the efficient return to service of the aircraft system.3. Consult with internal, external customers
 and Engineering to create/revise technical manuals to support the department/corporate operating
 priorities. 4. Provide input to management on new processes or technology for integration into the
 technical publications business model. 5. Assist in developing solutions for overcoming the
 technology/technical issues introduced by outside suppliers for incorporation into existing manuals. 6.
 Work with management, other departments, and team members in the development of specific project
 data. 7. Provide liaison with Completion Center, Technical Operations, Production and/or Completion
 Engineering, Service Center to obtain the necessary approval for technical information prior to its
 release to customers.8. Participate with publications team to ensure all internal department workflows
 and business processes are followed for issues relating to producing and delivering technical
 publications and associated Computerized Maintenance Program (CMP) data. 9. Work with
 internal/external customers in the development of specific project requirements of source data to ensure
 a seamless incorporation of new data in the publications environment.

Additional Functions:1. Perform additional duties as assigned.

Other Requirements:1. At least three (3) years of Standard Graphic Markup Language (SGML) or SGML-
related software applications 2. Strong technical writing and communication skills are required.3. Ability
 to read and interpret blueprint and Engineering Orders.4. Must have a thorough knowledge of aircraft
 tools, test equipment, vendor coding, parts nomenclature, maintenance procedures, and of aircraft
 equipment and maintenance. 

Languages Required (in addition to English): English 

Additional Information

Requisition Number: 17744 

Posting Type: Internal-External 

Department: J0826-PS Publication 

Category: Engineering Support 

Percentage of Travel: None 

Shift: First 

Employment Type: Full-time 

 E5 

Number of Openings: 1.00 

Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of General Dynamics (NYSE: GD),
 designs, develops, manufactures, markets, services and supports the world's most technologically-
advanced business jet aircraft

About this company

Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of General Dynamics (NYSE: GD),
 designs, develops, manufactures, markets, services and supports the world’s most technologically
 advanced business-jet aircraft. Gulfstream has produced more than 2,000 aircraft for customers around
 the world since 1958. To meet the diverse transportation needs of the future, Gulfstream offers a
 comprehensive fleet of aircraft, comprising the wide-cabin, high-speed Gulfstream G150®; the new
 large-cabin, mid-range Gulfstream G280®; the large-cabin, long-range G450®; the large-cabin, ultra-
long-range Gulfstream G550® and the ultra-large-cabin, ultra-long-range G650®. Gulfstream also offers
 aircraft ownership services via Gulfstream Pre-Owned Aircraft Sales®. The company employs more than
 13,000 people at 12 major locations. We invite you to visit our website for more information and photos
 of Gulfstream aircraft at www.gulfstream.com.

General Dynamics, headquartered in Falls Church, Va., is a market leader in business aviation; land and
 expeditionary combat systems, armaments and munitions; shipbuilding and marine systems; and
 information systems and technologies. More information about General Dynamics is available online at
 www.generaldynamics.com.
