Job description
Hensel Phelps, a nationally recognized Facility Life Solution provider is hiring a Technical Writer in
 Denver, Colorado.
Reporting directly to the Executive Director of Business Development and Marketing, the technical writer
 will optimize previously written communications and support business development and operations
 activities as assigned. As the Technical Writer, you will improve on current content, as well as develop
 new content with the input of subject-matter experts on the business development and operations teams.
 Your content will need to be highly organized to meet our client requirements and specifications
 regarding order, clarity, brevity, style, and terminology. The Technical Writer will also edit material and
 standardized content as needed to meet end-user requirements. You must be flexible with your schedule
 (occasional evening/weekends) to meet deliverable deadlines.
Proactively support the assigned group on technical reports, consultancy reports, communications
 collateral, and other related marketing/sales activities as required.

 The Technical Writer will be an integral part of the team that is responsible for the capture, development,
 and production of proposals, technical reports, and marketing materials, working in a virtual
 environment.  Qualifications should include:

Ability to effectively manage deliverable development from inception to delivery

Ability to work in a high-energy team environment

Ability to review and rewrite deliverable inputs (Red Team)

Ability to thrive in a deadline-oriented environment

Desired Skills and Experience
Required Skill Set:
Excellent command of the English language, both written and oral.
Attention to detail. Proofreading skill a plus. Visual layout skill a plus.
Ability to describe technical concepts and present them in a clear, professional, and concise
 manner in both oral and written forms.
Ability to break down technical topics for consumption by users who are not technically savvy.
Experience in writing technical reports and executive summaries.
Experience in writing training documentation for technical staff.
Ability to rapidly assimilate and adapt materials for new technologies.
Microsoft Office 365, Adobe Creative Suite - advanced knowledge and capabilities.
Experience in marketing and advertising technology products is a big plus.
Specific technical content writing experience includes use cases, technical training materials, and
 other documentations.
Clear, succinct, and engaging writer that understands how to tailor information for the target
 audience.

Excellent writing, grammar, spelling, and formatting skills. 
Heavy involvement in creating technical content.

Qualifications

Excellent analytical and communications skills, a team player and leader, with high energy and initiative,
 and a basic understanding of technical processes. Requires organizational skills with attention to detail,
 experience writing in a conversational yet professional tone and style. Ability to function independently in
 a fast-paced working environment to produce publication-quality first drafts and who can effectively
 manage their own workload with minimal supervision.
 

Bachelor's degree in writing, marketing, engineering, communications, business, or related
 field

Exceptional writing skills
This position requires a minimum 7-10 years of recent relevant working experience 
Previous experience in facilities management, real estate, construction, or professional
 engineering industries is a must

Excellent writing and communications skills

Advanced proficiency in all MS Suite and Adobe CC Suite  
Send your resume, together with a variety of technical writing samples (use cases, technical
 documentation, etc.), and explain why you’d make a great addition to our team.
Please: NO third-party recruiters or consultants.

About this company

Everything we do depends on people - from ideas to building relationships. As an employee-owned
 company, Hensel Phelps culture is based on dedication and commitment to achieving Performance for
 our clients and employees. Established in 1937, this year we celebrate our 77th year in the construction
 industry as a direct result of the performance of our people who focus on providing clients a higher level
 of service. Every project is approached with the goal of providing top performance, which is ultimately
 measured by gaining repeat work with clients which span generations. While Hensel Phelps has become
 a leader in innovation and technology to gain increased efficiency, technology will never replace these
 core values of our People. Hensel Phelps has the capability of delivering projects in all market sectors
 and all delivery methods across the country and internationally. To learn more about Hensel Phelps and
 how we may be of service to you, please visit our website at www.henselphelps.com.

