Job description
Listing Info

PDS Tech is currently seeking a Technical Writer for an open position in
Eden Prairie, MN.

Responsibilities include: researching, developing, planning, and writing/editing hardcopy and
 online technical documentation and working with team leads and managers to complete specific
 projects for various lines of business within client company.

Principal Accountabilities

Work with Program and Product Managers to document processes
Research and develop content for technical publications.
Write and edit hardcopy and online documents; chair document review sessions with external
 stakeholders and obtains approvals.
Ensure all documents are technically and mechanically accurate.
Collaborate with department team members and with engineering, marketing, service, legal, and
 others to develop content for standard documentation sets and special initiatives.
Create and manage document schedules.
Develop, document, and maintain processes.
May mentor less-experienced coworkers.
May lead department project teams.
May perform as product line lead within the department.

Knowledge And Skills

Having wide-range experience, uses professional concepts and company objectives to
 resolve extremely complex issues in creative and effective ways.
Demonstrates expert technical wiring and/or editing skills and subject matter expertise.
Demonstrates high level of drive for quality and understanding of impact of quality on the
 customer experience.
Exhibits an expert knowledge of processes, format, style, tools, and strategy.
Understands goals and strategies necessary for achieving high standards while still
 meeting deadlines and keeping costs down.
Performs as a project lead and documentation architect within the department.
Exercises leadership and understands and exhibits teaming abilities.
Exhibits expert knowledge of grammar, spelling, and punctuation.
Exhibits expert interpersonal skills.
Promotes a positive attitude and fosters positive relations within and outside the
 organization.
Has a thorough understanding of computer technology (internal components/hardware).
Demonstrates a high level of productivity and quality while working on several major
 projects.
Multi-tasks effectively and efficiently.
Detail oriented.
Develops working relationships with peers outside of the department.

PDS Tech, Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer -

 Minorities/Female/Disabled/Veteran (EOE M/F/D/V)

Benefits

Founded in 1977, PDS Tech, Inc. is one of the nation's premier specialty staffing firms with 31
 offices nationwide. We offer a full range of benefits including:
Health insurance
Paid holidays
Weekly payroll
Immediate 401(k) eligibility
Completion bonuses
Training 
Please note availability of benefits may vary by position.

PDS specializes in Engineering and IT arenas including Aerospace, Defense, Electronics,
 Telecommunications, Automotive, and Energy just to name a few. Our reputation, track
 record, and years of continuous growth reflect the commitment to quality that our
 employees and clients experience first-hand. For more information about PDS, please
 check our website, www.pdstech.com

$$$ PDS pays for referrals! $$$

We pay thousands each month in referral bonuses!
Contact a recruiter for details.
To find a branch near you, look at our Branch Locator

This position may require you to submit to and pass a drug test and/or background
 check. If this is a hands-on position, you may also be required to pass a safety and
 productivity examination. PDS Tech, Inc. will comply with all applicable federal and state
 laws governing the use of such background checks and drug tests.

About this company

PDS Tech, Inc., formerly known as PDS Technical Services, Inc., is one of the largest staffing and HR
 solutions companies in the United States. PDS Tech provides comprehensive staffing services and
 engineering and IT solutions to the aerospace, defense, telecom, infrastructure, energy, food, insurance
 and other major industries. PDS Tech prides itself on quickly and efficiently “connecting the right people
 to the right jobs.” SM It is known among its contract employees for providing superior benefits and easy
 to use paperless solutions. PDS Tech operates through five subsidiary companies: PDS Engineering,
 PDS Information Services, PDS Maritime, PDS Aviation and PDS Direct. While it has diversified since its
 founding in 1977, PDS Tech has its roots in aerospace and defense and for 2008 was the 4th largest
 engineering staffing company in the United States. Through PDS Direct, PDS Tech provides VMS and
 managed service outsourcing solutions to Fortune 1000 companies. For more information visit us at
 www.pdstech.com or call (800) 270-4737.