Technical Writer – Senior 

Location: Savannah, GA
Salary: $34/Hour USD
Per Diem: $110/Wk
Split Rate: $1176/Wk (i.e. the first $1176 per week is not taxable)
Contract Duration: 1 Year + (up to 4 years)

Contact the job poster
Reach out for more information or to follow up
 on your application.

Position Purpose:
Responsible (either individually or with other team members) for the writing of major portions of technical
 publications. Supports the complete workflow process to ensure successful completion of each revision
 cycle and distribution of technical publications. Complies with established quality processes to ensure
 accuracy, ease of use and timely delivery of each revision cycle content.

Unique Skills:
• Understanding of and practical experience with Simplified Technical English, Spec ASD-STE100 
• Experience and working knowledge of aircraft inspection programs, aviation regulations, aircraft system
 content organization and OEM technical manuals development preferred 
• Experience with ENOVIA SmarTeam or similar Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) database
 products Experience with S1000D specification, data module codes, XML authoring software and model
 base design engineering

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
1. Write technical publications content as directed 
2. Conduct reviews and analyze technical documents to gain a thorough understanding of how complex
 systems operate and how they are to be integrated into technical manuals to provide the end user with
 the level of text and graphics to support the efficient return to service of the aircraft system 
3. Consult with internal, external customers and Engineering to create/revise technical manuals to
 support the department/corporate operating priorities 
4. Provide input to management on new processes or technology for integration into the technical
 publications business model 
5. Assist in developing solutions for overcoming the technology/technical issues introduced by outside
 suppliers for incorporation into existing manuals. 
6. Work with management, other departments, and team members in the development of specific project
 data 
7. Provide liaison with Completion Center, Technical Operations, Production and/or Completion
 Engineering, Service Center to obtain the necessary approval for technical information prior to its
 release to customers. 
8. Participate with publications team to ensure all internal department workflows and business processes
 are followed for issues relating to producing and delivering technical publications and associated
 Computerized Maintenance Program (CMP) data 
9. Work with internal/external customers in the development of specific project requirements of source
 data to ensure a seamless incorporation of new data in the publications environment

Other Requirements:
1. At least three (3) years of Standard Graphic Markup Language (SGML) or SGML-related software
 applications 
2. Strong technical writing and communication skills are required 
3. Ability to read and interpret blueprint and Engineering Orders 
4. Must have a thorough knowledge of aircraft tools, test equipment, vendor coding, parts nomenclature,
 maintenance procedures, and of aircraft equipment and maintenance

Experience/Education:
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience in the authoring of technical publications. Four (4) years of
 Technical Publications writing experience. Advanced knowledge of all aircraft systems methodology.

To both clients and candidates in technical industries, Can-Tech is the go-to human resource solutions
 provider that connects the right people with the right opportunities. We specialize in the aerospace,
 automotive, manufacturing, and IT industries. 

Only Can-Tech has a 30-year track record of getting it right, by approaching each assignment with
 unmatched creativity, industry knowledge and passion.
