Job description
Listing Info

Technical Writer Location:
Dallas, TX Job Code:
7 # of Openings:
1 Description

About ISC8

Become part a team dedicated to solving the critical security problems confronting today's enterprise and
 government networks. ISC8 is led by a team of visionaries in network engineering, cyber security and
 software development determined to find better solutions for securing mission critical systems and
 corporate assets.

Overview

Writes, rewrites and/or edits technical documents such as technical procedure manuals, user manuals,
 programming manuals, service manuals, operational specifications, and related technical publications to
 communicate clearly and effectively technical specifications and instructions to a wide range of
 audiences, including technical and business audiences.

Acquires subject knowledge by interviewing product developers, observing performance of production
 methods, referring to technical specifications, blueprints, engineering illustrations, and trade journals.

Oversees preparation of illustrative materials, selecting drawings, sketches, diagrams and charts.
 Conducts quality review of materials.

Experience creating high level technical/process documentation and presentations for audiences at
 various levels.

Experience creating documentation in Microsoft Word to include version management, creating tables of
 contents, headers/footers, format tables, referential figures, develop and format tables. Experience
 creating high level deliverables using MS Office software suite (Visio, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint).
 Experience with the Adobe suite of products, including Illustrator and/or similar advanced media
 software products.

Experience writing/editing technical, business, and process documentation in an Information
 Technology/Engineering environment.

Preferred Skills
Experience writing/editing technical, business, and process documentation in a software
 development and/or Cyber Security environment.
Have an understanding of software development and systems engineering methodologies (spiral,
 prototyping, Agile, Scrum, etc.). Have an understanding of network (LAN/WAN) technology and
 networking systems. Having an understanding of network security products would be a plus.
Prepares operation and maintenance manuals and technical publications.
Gathers technical information, prepares written text, and coordinates layout and manual
 organization.
Researches available engineering information such as drawings, design reports, equipment, and
 test specifications.
May also interview engineers and other technical personnel.
Writes individualized copy of analytical, interpretive, documentary, or promotional literature.
Developing Webpages for technical content and layout would be a plus.
Requires working knowledge of customer requirements, various company products, purpose and
 structure of a document, and user's level of understanding
Preparing and maintaining documentation pertaining to the program's software and systems
 applications, configuration, testing, and user documentation
Translating and maintaining business specifications into formal user-documents
Planning, writing, and updating all additional systems and user-support documents
Consolidating technical input and analyses to create a logical, understandable report for non-
technical audiences

Qualifications
Bachelors degree in related field (or equivalent work experience)
5 years of related experience

Desired Skills & Abilities
Prior software and engineering experience would be a plus

About this company

ISC8 is a visionary in the world of look-alike security companies. Our singular focus is to deliver the most
 comprehensive cyber security solutions available to address Advanced Persistent Threats and
 sophisticated malware.. Our situationally aware security products let you see everything happening on
 your mission-critical networks. ISC8's new breed of security products don’t force you to rely on
 signatures that catch less than 22 percent of all advanced threats, we deliver real visibility in real time at
 speeds up to 100 Gbs. These products are designed to solve the toughest challenges government,
 defense, and business face including the human or 8th layer, a problem that until now has gone virtually
 unaddressed.