Job description
Listing Info

PDS is seeking a SeniorTechnical Writer for an open position in Savannah, GA.

 

In Your Role, You Will
Be responsible (either individually or with other team members) for the writing of major portions of
 technical publications.
Support the complete workflow process to ensure successful completion of each revision cycle
 and distribution of technical publications.
Comply with established quality processes to ensure accuracy, ease of use and timely delivery of
 each revision cycle content. 

Principal Duties And Responsibilities
Write technical publications content as directed.
Conduct reviews and analyze technical documents to gain a thorough understanding of how
 complex systems operate and how they are to be integrated into technical manuals to
 provide the end user with the level of text and graphics to support the efficient return to
 service of the aircraft system.
Consult with internal, external customers and Engineering to create/revise technical manuals
 to support the department/corporate operating priorities.
Provide input to management on new processes or technology for integration into the
 technical publications business model.
Assist in developing solutions for overcoming the technology/technical issues introduced by
 outside suppliers for incorporation into existing manuals.
Work with management, other departments, and team members in the development of
 specific project data.
Provide liaison with Completion Center, Technical Operations, Production and/or Completion
 Engineering, Service Center to obtain the necessary approval for technical information prior
 to its release to customers.
Participate with publications team to ensure all internal department workflows and business
 processes are followed for issues relating to producing and delivering technical publications
 and associated Computerized Maintenance Program (CMP) data.
Work with internal/external customers in the development of specific project requirements of
 source data to ensure a seamless incorporation of new data in the publications environment. 

Additional Functions
Perform additional duties as assigned.

As Our Ideal Candidate, You Will Meet The Following Requirements
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in the authoring of technical publications.
Four (4) years of Technical Publications writing experience.
Advanced knowledge of all aircraft systems methodology. 

Other Requirements

At least three (3) years of Standard Graphic Markup Language (SGML) or SGML-
related software applications.
Strong technical writing and communication skills are required.
Ability to read and interpret blueprint and Engineering Orders.
Must have a thorough knowledge of aircraft tools, test equipment, vendor coding,
 parts nomenclature, maintenance procedures, and of aircraft equipment and
 maintenance. 

PDS Tech, Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer -
Minorities/Female/Disabled/Veteran (EOE M/F/D/V)

Benefits

Founded in 1977, PDS Tech, Inc. is one of the nation's premier specialty staffing firms
 with 31 offices nationwide. We offer a full range of benefits including:

Health insurance
Paid holidays
Weekly payroll
Immediate 401(k) eligibility
Completion bonuses
Training 
Please note availability of benefits may vary by position.

PDS specializes in Engineering and IT arenas including Aerospace, Defense,
 Electronics, Telecommunications, Automotive, and Energy just to name a few. Our
 reputation, track record, and years of continuous growth reflect the commitment to
 quality that our employees and clients experience first-hand. For more information
 about PDS, please check our website, www.pdstech.com

$$$ PDS pays for referrals! $$$

We pay thousands each month in referral bonuses!
Contact a recruiter for details.
To find a branch near you, look at our Branch Locator

This position may require you to submit to and pass a drug test and/or background
 check. If this is a hands-on position, you may also be required to pass a safety and
 productivity examination. PDS Tech, Inc. will comply with all applicable federal and
 state laws governing the use of such background checks and drug tests.

About this company

PDS Tech, Inc., formerly known as PDS Technical Services, Inc., is one of the largest staffing and HR
 solutions companies in the United States. PDS Tech provides comprehensive staffing services and
 engineering and IT solutions to the aerospace, defense, telecom, infrastructure, energy, food, insurance
 and other major industries. PDS Tech prides itself on quickly and efficiently “connecting the right people
 to the right jobs.” SM It is known among its contract employees for providing superior benefits and easy
 to use paperless solutions. PDS Tech operates through five subsidiary companies: PDS Engineering,
 PDS Information Services, PDS Maritime, PDS Aviation and PDS Direct. While it has diversified since its
 founding in 1977, PDS Tech has its roots in aerospace and defense and for 2008 was the 4th largest
 engineering staffing company in the United States. Through PDS Direct, PDS Tech provides VMS and
 managed service outsourcing solutions to Fortune 1000 companies. For more information visit us at
 www.pdstech.com or call (800) 270-4737.