Job description
Opportunity:
Digi International is seeking technical writing talent for our XBee and Device Cloud product lines. Our
 XBee products serve many industries worldwide, from medical to transportation to telecom. Device
 Cloud by Etherios provides all the tools to connect and manage wireless gateways, XBee modules and
 other devices in a connected, Machine-to-Machine (M2M) environment.
Join a dynamic team that is developing next generation technical content. As a Technical Writer at Digi,
 you'll work in a high-performing and supportive environment that provides the opportunity to develop an
 interesting and fulfilling career path.
We are seeking a skilled Technical Writer who loves working with complex technical systems and is
 comfortable working in a fast paced, deadline-driven engineering environment. The position is
 accountable for the timely and effective development of technical user manuals for our wide variety of
 products.
 
Key Job Responsibilities:
 

Acquire and review technical source material such as product specifications, and develop an
 understanding of the products involved.
Fulfill roles as both a dedicated member of a company-wide documentation team and an
 integrated member of an engineering team that uses an “agile” development process.
Work closely with engineering team members to provide design feedback and develop product
 documentation.
Identify the audience, user environment and tasks to be addressed in manuals.
Plan and track documentation projects and deliver assignments on schedule.

Desired Skills and Experience
Primary Requirements:
 

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, English or related field.
At least five years of technical writing or other relevant experience.
Intermediate to advanced Frame Maker, Adobe Creative Suite, and Illustrator skills.
Experience working in the DITA framework is a plus.
Basic understanding of HTML and XML.
Experience working with developers to advocate for the user experience and know how to
 represent documentation requirements during product design and implementation.
Should have strong command of English language, and the ability to self-edit.
Possess clear writing style and superb content organization skills.
Ability to manage writing tasks for multiple, overlapping product releases and deliver on schedule
 without compromising quality.
Possess good technical aptitude to learn new features, products and solutions quickly.


Digi International is the M2M expert, combining products and services as end-to-end solutions to drive
 business efficiencies. Digi provides the industry’s broadest range of wireless products, a cloud
 computing platform tailored for devices and development services to help customers get to market fast
 with wireless devices and applications. Digi’s entire solution set is tailored to allow any device to
 communicate with any application, anywhere in the world. For more information, visit Digi's website at
 www.digi.com.