Job description
Standard Job Description:
Researches and writes technical content supporting specialized military equipment, integrated systems
 and subsystems, IT equipment and software. Edits and updates existing technical content in a fast-
paced fluid environment of engineering changes.
Specific Job Description:
Writes and/or edits technical documents to support the production of Interactive Electronic Technical
 Manuals (IETMs) for the AN/BVY-1 Integrated Submarine Imaging System (ISIS), Photonics Mast,
 periscopes, AN/BLQ-10 ESM System, and other submarine electronics systems. Develops technical
 descriptions, procedures, diagrams, operational specifications, and related technical information.
 Provides clear and effective communication through technical documentation to a wide range of
 audiences. Responsible for capturing and documenting operational and maintenance related information
 to support the introduction of new technology to the US Navy submarine fleet.
Job Location: Manassas, Virginia
 Contract Terms: 40 hours/week, onsite
 Start Date: Immediate
 Rate: Negotiable
Desired Skills and Experience
The following skills are required:

1.  Ability to write technical content for procedure manuals, service manuals, and related technical
 publications that describes the installation, operation, and maintenance of electronic, electrical,
 mechanical, and other equipment.
2.  Ability to write using clear and concise language that adheres to customer-established standards
 and conventions. Knowledge of the English language, grammar, usage and composition.
3.  Ability to acquire and verify subject matter content by interviewing workers engaged in developing
 products and services, observing production methods, referring to blueprints, sketches,
 engineering drawings, notes, manuals, and similar publications.
4.  Ability to define required graphics, photographs, tables, figures, and engineering drawings and/or
 create graphic materials using basic photography and graphic applications such as PowerPoint
 and Photoshop.
5.  Must have hands-on experience operating or maintaining AN/BLQ-10 or ISIS, Submarine
 Electronics Warfare systems.

The following skills are highly desirable:

1.  Experience entering content using HTML, XML, and content management systems.
2.  Knowledge and familiarity of S1000D technical documentation standards.
3.  Familiarity with MS Office Suite.
4.  Experience performing system operation and maintenance on US Navy submarine electronics
 systems or submarine electronics warfare systems.

Additional requirements:

1.  Bachelor’s degree in related discipline or equivalent experience
2.  Candidates must be U.S. citizens able to obtain a Secret level security clearance.

About this company

Gromelski & Associates, Inc. is a small woman owned business with top secret clearance.  Over that past
 twenty-five years, we provided services for major corporations and large government agencies including
 the Social Security Administration, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Global Knowledge Network, Digital
 Equipment Corporation, Nextel Communications, Network Associates, Oracle Corporation, Department
 of Education, ExecuTrain Corporation, Federal Computer Corporation, U.S. Navy, and State of
 Louisiana.  Our services include but are not limited to (1) technical support desk (help desk), (2) training
 development and delivery, desktop simulation, computer based training, Interactive Electronic Technical
 Manuals (IETM), (3) system engineering and administration, and (4) network administration,
 management, installation, integration, operations, security, and maintenance.
For Lockheed Martin Corporation, we operate the Defense Messaging System (DMS) helpdesk and
 provide DMS system engineering and training.  In addition, we support the Pentagon
 Telecommunications Center (PTC) contract with help desk and system engineering services. Currently,
 we develop and deliver instructor led training, electronic documentation (IETM), multimedia applications,
 computer based training (CBT), and desktop simulation for submarine combat systems on the Acoustic
 Rapid COTS Insertion (ARCI) and the Integrated Submarine Imaging System (ISIS) programs. 
 Recently, Lockheed Martin Corporation awarded our company with the STAR award in recognition of our
 ability to meet quality and service requirements. We have a long successful history with Lockheed Martin
 Corporation.