Job description
JWT Dallasseeks an experienced technical writer to assist with the creation of technical specifications for
 an enterprise wide system. The Technical Writer develops consistent and accurate technical
 documentation for technical and non-technical end users.
Duties:
Create a variety of technical documentation including but not limited to technical requirements,
 architectural diagrams, application level interactions and user guides to support security
 accreditation

Develop and maintain concise highly organized documentation

Translate abstract concepts into actionable and definable terms

Work with multiple teams and disciplines to develop enterprise wide technical system
 specifications

Understands and analyzes business processes and workflows with the objective of process
 documentation and/or providing recommendations for process improvement.

Demonstrates a strong web site technical understanding.

Demonstrates proven experience in a variety of analysis and requirements gathering techniques
 (e.g. workshops, work sessions, interviews, research, etc.)

Can successfully plan, organize, and conduct stakeholder workshops.

Produces and owns various artifacts and supporting project documentation to ensure that internal
 and external client comprehends the project, including:

Project features and related information

Functional, Technical and related supplemental requirements

Use case documentation and actor diagrams

Business rule identification and documentation

Activity diagrams and/or process flows

Project scope documents

Desired Skills and Experience
Knowledge, Talent & Skills
 

Outstanding oral and written communication skills with both technical and non-technical audience

Exceptional organization skills and attention to detail.

Proven work experience capturing IT requirements.

 Handles multiple tasks simultaneously.

Proficiency with technical writing using Word, PowerPoint, and Visio.

3-6 years of experience in the requirement management process including: gathering,
 documenting, and validation of project requirements and supporting information.

Ability to work in a dynamic advertising agency.

Familiarity with DoDAF 2.0, not required but a plus.

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent, preferably in a business, IT or related field.

About this company

JWT is the world's best-known marketing communications brand that has been inventing pioneering
 ideas for the past 150 years.  Headquartered in New York, JWT is a true global network with more than
 200 offices in over 90 countries, employing nearly 10,000 marketing professionals.

 JWT consistently ranks among the top agency networks in the world and continues a dominant presence
 in the industry by staying on the leading edge -- from producing the first-ever TV commercial in 1939 to
 developing award-winning branded content today.
 We are committed to attracting new talent to keep us at the top of our business.  If you are looking to be
 part of a culture of excellence, we invite you to explore this career opportunity and learn more about our
 organization at www.jwt.com

Blog:  www.jwt.com/blog/
 Follow us: @JWT_Worldwide
 Like us:  https//www.facebook.com/JWTWorldwide
 LinkedIn:  https://linkedin.com/company/2529/careers
 AdAge Lookbook:  http//lookbook.adage.com/Agencies/JWT

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for
 employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status,
 protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

