Junior, Content Writer
Location: 	GolinHarris - Dallas
Job Code: 	3108
# of Openings: 	1
Description
GolinDAL is looking for a Junior Content Writer with proven experience in technology and B2B to augment our growing team working on one of the largest telecommunications clients in Dallas.The Junior Content Writer collaborates with diverse internal and external teams to plan, develop, write and edit content including websites, articles, blogs, brochures, emails, presentations and social media under a variety of deadlines.The Junior Content Writer performs background research, conducts interviews and determines story structure to write compelling content that engages target audiences while adhering to a brand’s preferred style and voice.
What You Will Do:
    Develop and write relevant, engaging content to drive Client goals
    Write and edit content including newsletters, social media posts, customer profile articles, thought leadership articles, white papers, e-books, press releases, company websites, brochures, scripts and other projects
    Conduct background research and interview internal and external subject matter experts
    Distill technical information into digestible, user-friendly concepts to write insightful product marketing copy
    Work effectively with other team members to deliver work on time and in a finalized format
    Support other projects/tasks that arise as warranted
What You Will Have:
    2+ years of professional B2B marketing or related technology writing experience
    Talent, desire and ability to translate Client needs into engaging B2B marketing content
    Flexible, fast and adaptable writing ability to tell stories in interesting and compelling ways to specific audience segments.
    Passion for the written word with an ever-present eye on critical details like accuracy, grammar, story flow, style and tone
    Familiarity with writing SEO-optimized content
    Ability to communicate Client value in ways that resonate with business prospects
    Proven ability to build consensus and work effectively with cross-departmental teams
    Ability to juggle multiple projects and priorities simultaneously, under multiple deadlines
    
Mid-Level Technical Writer
Location: Plano, TX	Job #: 15324
Category: Information Technology

This position is responsible for the development, maintenance, management, and delivery of policies and procedures or documentation to the appropriate audiences in the appropriate company standard formats via print and online mediums.Responsible for using and/or developing industry and company business writing practices and procedures. 
Qualifications:
•	3+ years of Service Experience.
•	Experience preparing operations procedure documentation. 
•	Works directly with business and process owners and project managers to write and edit communications, user manuals, and procedures. 
•	Utilizes word processing, presentation, and Web authoring applications.
•	Systems Experience: Has worked on multiple systems in sequential fashion.
•	Works substantially with little supervision or oversight to deliver key milestones.
•	Financial Services (specifically mortgage) industry experience preferred.
•	Risk Management experience preferred.
•	Writing: Strong demonstrated experience supporting requirements, business process, and operations.
•	Tools: Experience developing content for online tool.
•	Communication: Strong experience dealing with several clients.

Jr. Technical Writer - Contract - Lewisville, TX
DESCRIPTION
Responsible for creation, maintenance, and publishing of company policies, procedures and technical documents (business/functional requirements, instructional materials, online help, procedural guides, product descriptions, etc.) for use by business end users.
 ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
•	Conduct research by interviewing subject matter experts, reviewing existing documentation, and gleaning information from the system or product being documented. 
•	Prepare, edit, and deliver all documentation in accordance with existing editorial styles and document templates. 
•	Translate information of medium to high complexity into clear, concise documents appropriate for various target audiences. 
•	Create graphics (screen mockups, report samples, etc.) that aid the target audience in understanding the documented material. 
•	May provide input concerning GUI design and wording of messages/system changes.
•	May participate in business requirements, functional design, testing, and architecture work sessions, as requested. 
•	Maintain internal documentation library. Follows documentation projects through to completion, including approval signoff, loading into production, and archival.
 EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
•	Bachelor's degree in Journalism, English, Technical Writing, Business Administration or related field is desired.
•	Typically requires 3-5 years of business or technical writing experience and in-depth knowledge of multiple software and graphics packages: •Microsoft Office (required; expert level with Word) •Microsoft Visio (recommended; beginner level) •SnagIt, Axure (recommended; beginner level) •PDF tools (required; beginner level) •HTML (recommended, beginner level) 

Technical Editor - Plano, TX
Job Summary:
Reports to Marketing Communications Manager (Marcom Manager), creates product specifications and promotional material for web / printed media and links files to Corporate website, to support the Engineering, Quality, Sales, Marketing and Finance departments.
 
Principle Duties and Responsibilities:
•	Through communication with Marcom department staff, develops high-quality written content for customer and internal documents, including data sheets, application notes, product guides, corporate presentations, and more
•	Assists in linking data sheets to our Corporate website
•	Proofreads material to ensure technical and grammatical appropriateness and correctness
•	Produces documents for other Diodes’ departments as needed
•	Assists on Corporate website maintenance

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
•	B.A. or B.S. in English and 1 – 3 yrs work experience required.
•	 Strong editing and grammar skills a must and graphic skills a plus.
•	 Must be proficient in the Microsoft Office product environment, particularly Windows, Word, PowerPoint and Excel.
•	 Self starter: works with minimal direction.
•	 Excellent professional verbal and written communication skills.
•	 Strong interpersonal skills.
•	 Must be able to handle multiple tasks in a dynamic environment.
•	 Excellent judgment, especially when to escalate issues for resolution.

Job Title:Technical Writer/Editor (R2-3G CTSF)
Requisition ID:1400K5C

Job Category:Communication and Creative Services
Primary Location:USA-TX: TEXAS-FORT HOOD
Schedule:Full-time
Job Type:Regular
Travel:No
Job Posting:Sep 2, 2014, 3:58:39 PM

Description:
Essential Job Functions
Provides overall documentation support to both management and technical staffs within the intelligence community, including document preparation by applying the highest levels of industry and client standards, establishing proper formats in accordance with client requirements, reviewing and correcting draft materials as appropriate, and supporting decisions as to appropriate text and graphic software to use for given jobs, etc.
Creates, implements, and tracks production of designed documents.
Assists in researching, writing, editing, and proofreading technical data for use in documents or sections of documents such as manuals, procedures and specifications to provide clients with information regarding technical areas in a less technical way.
Interviews programmers, engineers, developers, and other technical personnel. Reads previous documentation and design notes, and uses computer based training or company technical products to gather and research technical information for use in documentation.
Writes, organizes, enters and compiles online help files to support end users.
Creates, compiles, and delivers system/software developmental documentation packages including, but not limited to narratives, logic diagrams, input and output samples, input preparation instructions, job setup information, etc., from technical project team inputs, system requirements analysis, system design specifications, technical system design, technical procedure development, configuration control requirements, test and training specifications, and programming notes.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications
Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
Bachelor's degree in communications, journalism, technical writing or related field preferred
Zero or more years of technical writing experience
Experience working with desktop publishing, word processing, and on-line documentation software
Experience working with industry writing style such as grammar, sentence form, and structure

Other Qualifications
Secret security clearance 
Proficiency using computer based word processing and office applications programs required
Good communication skills for interacting with personnel
Personal computer and business solutions software skills
Proofreading and editing skills
Ability to convert technical knowledge into easily understood terms
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Remote Work Authorized:No
Relocation Assistance:Not Available
Clearance Level:Secret

Employer: 	Spencer Ogden
Updated: Sep 5 2014 
Desired Expertise:	Technical Writing
Experience:	10+ years
Minimum Education:	Bachelors/3-5 yr Degree
Salary:	£0.00 per annum
Location:	Basrah, Iraq
Reference Code:	BBBH515047733
Job Status:	Active / Open 

Job Description: 
Role:

There is an excellent opening for a lead procedure editor to be based in a top integrated oil and gas services company.

The location is in Southern Iraq.
This is the 3rd largest oil field in the world i.e. Rumaila Oil field

The rotation is: 28/28

Accommodation, medical insurance are provided and good security i.e. secure accommodation and vehicles with protection are provided. Hence, maximum level safety is ensured.

This is a 1 year contract that is renewable.

Requirements:

- At least 10 years of oil and gas experience with oil and gas supermajors or good operator/EPC companies.
- This should include 5 years of technical writing experience in oil and gas

These are the Minimum requirements for this role, and have to be met for CVs to be shortlisted.

Spencer Ogden Energy Pte Ltd
Agency License Number: 13C6321

Technical Writer IV
Employer: 	
Weatherford
Updated: Sep 4 2014
Desired Expertise: 	Technical Writing
Experience: 	2+ years
Minimum Education: 	Bachelors/3-5 yr Degree
Location: 	Houston, TX, US
Reference Code: 	438989783
Job Status: 	Active / Open
Please login to bookmark Job Description:

One of the largest oilfield services companies, Weatherford operates in more than 100 countries and employs more than 70,000 people worldwide. With a product and service portfolio that spans the life cycle of a well- well construction, formation evaluation, completion and production- and a robust research and development effort, we are well positioned to meet the ever-evolving needs of the oil and gas industry.

JOB SCOPE
Authors, revises, publishes, and distributes software documentation such as user guides, help files, and support documentation.

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES

    Provide structured writing, editing, and formatting for all documentation.
    Identify, plan, and create content required to meet documentation needs.
    Write installation, administration, deployment, quick start and other guides for online and print deliverables.
    Review and test peer documentation for accuracy, grammar, clarity, and compliance with corporate style.
    Research and translate technical information into manuals and web-based documents for non-technical and technical audiences.
    Provide product feedback, such as bugs and usability concerns, during development phase.
    Work with developers and subject matter experts to complete document deliverables.
    Research design and functionality with subject matter experts, providing documentation support at each stage of the product development/commercialization process
    Maintain documentation integrity through predefined, structured use of document management system.
    Adhere to established documentation standards and styles.
    Contribute to continuous improvement of product documentation and company quality standards.
    Provide regular status reports to management for assigned projects.
    Work assignments carried out to the highest quality level.
    Perform various other duties and activities as assigned by supervisor within the physical constraints of the job.

SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS

    Ability to understand end-user knowledge levels and produce documentation to meets those needs.
    Ability to gather and synthesize technical information efficiently.
    Experience creating technical illustrations and annotated screenshots.
    Meticulous attention to detail.
    Expert-level knowledge of Word and Visio.
    Strong written and verbal communication skills.
    Strong English grammar, proofreading, and copy editing skills.
    Strong work ethic, accountability, motivation, and the desire to produce work that reflects the best of your ability.
    Bachelor's degree in English or related field.
    Two or more years technical writing experience.
    Minimum of six months experience creating user assistance documentation.

Preferred

    Working knowledge of Madcap Flare or other help authoring tools.
    Familiarity with web-based technologies, such as XML, HTML, and CSS.
    Experience using a version control system.
    Creating/composing documents/text for geoscience based products.
    Prefer documentation experience in the oil and gas industry.

SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS
The physical ability to immediately respond to emergency situations.
- See more at: http://www.rigzone.com/jobs/postings/492862/Technical_Writer_IV.asp#sthash.A1X0vEz5.dpuf


Technical Writer - Refinery / Plant Operator Specialist

Employer: 	
Kelly Engineering Resources
Updated: Aug 19 2014
Desired Expertise: 	Technical Writing
Experience: 	2+ years
Minimum Education: 	High School/Secondary
Salary: 	$60,000 - $80,000
Location: 	Houston, TX, US
Employment Type: 	Full Time Salaried Employee
Job Status: 	Active / Open
Please login to bookmark Job Description:

 
General Description
As a Technical Writer, you must have strong writing skills, and the ability to think and write sequentially, in a narrative form that is clear and informative. You must also have a firm understanding of the processes that occur within a plant, particularly the effect that minor actions have on overall process. It is also important that you display excellent verbal and written communication, interpersonal and presentation skills, as well as the flexibility to adjust and adapt your writing as needed to ensure that your message is understood by your intended audience.
You will apply your process industry knowledge to create materials that describe and explain the operations of various process systems, using technical documentation, P&IDs and PFDs as resources. In these training materials, you will identify the steps required to address startup, shutdown and emergency situations and also provide explanations of advanced control systems and processes.
Specific Duties

    Research and accurately interpret technical reference material for use in training documents and operating procedures
    Apply project templates to develop job task inventories, training guides, manuals, operating procedures, self-study questions and evaluations
    Develop and incorporate supporting VISIO graphics
    Plan and gather static and dynamic data using multiple methods and organize information for analysis
    Self-edit documents for grammar, punctuation, spelling and content accuracy, review content organization and information flow for continuity and consistency and ensure that all graphics support the document text
    Participate in client meetings and use established protocols for resolving questions and issues with client SME
    Complete document tracking charts as well as review monthly project status reports and other quality tools as necessary
    Perform company related tasks including time reports and other requirements as necessary

Skills and Knowledge

    Ability to take a detailed and logical approach to the development of training materials
    Strong client-service skills and the ability to work effectively even with the most demanding clients
    Solid time-management and problem-solving skills
    Ability to develop good working relationships with both clients and co-workers
    Ability to display professional appearance and demeanor
    Excellent team working and collaborative decision-making skills
    Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, with intermediate skills in Word and Excel
    Basic VISIO skills
    Valid and current state driver's license, good DMV record and reliable vehicle
    Willingness to work "inside the fence" at client sites, with minimal exposure to potentially hazardous conditions
    Up-to-date safety training, or the ability to sit for certification update
    Must be a United States citizen or have a valid green card - we cannot offer sponsorship at this time
    Local, Gulf-coast area residence, preferred
    TWIC card, a plus

Educational Requirements

High school diploma; Associate's degree in Process Technology, preferred
Experience

Minimum 7 years direct operations experience in the hydrocarbon processing industry including 2 years' experience in developing technical training materials for employees in the hydrocarbon processing or similar industries
- See more at: http://www.rigzone.com/jobs/postings/482783/Technical_Writer_Refinery_Plant_Operator_Specialist.asp#sthash.DEvI5cNq.dpuf


Technical Writer- Freelance
Phelps, an integrated marketing communications agency located alongside the beautiful Santa Monica Coastline, is actively seeking a Technical Writer to partner with our team on a freelance basis.

We’re an agency dedicated to delivering high impact work across all channels with a strategic vision to garner the results desired by our blue chip clients. Our digital landscape includes deliverables such as back end web development, front end web development, full fledged digital campaigns and much more.

We are actively seeking a Freelance Technical Writer to help with the delivery of an enterprise level application for a nationwide client. This assignment is projected to last about 5-7 months and requires a 20 to 30 hour weekly commitment from the selected candidate. Working remotely is an option as long as candidates are available to take part in mandatory on-site meetings.

This person will be responsible for writing assigned sections of the software requirements specification for complex web-based application software in conjunction with the lead tech writer, based on input from functional requirement specifications and wireframe screen mockups.

In order to be considered candidates must:
• Have prior experience writing software requirements specifications (samples required)
• Ability to understand complex software applications
• Understanding of relational database concepts
• Understanding of web technologies and standard user interface design concepts
• Ability to think beyond what is written in the functional specifications/wireframes to document/specify all user pathways through the application
• Ability to aggregate and organize similar requirements to reduce redundancy
• Must be extremely organized and detail-oriented
• Excellent skills with Microsoft Office (Word/Excel)

Additional Skills:
• Software development experience is a plus.
• QA/Testing/Test plan development experience is a plus

 Technical Writer (All Levels)
ProtoType Industries, inc. - Santa Monica, CA
Performs advanced technical writing in the creation of operation and maintenance manuals, illustrated parts catalogs, and other professional-level documents from a variety of source design engineering.

    Candidate will work in a busy, mid-sized company environment and as part of a dynamic, process improvement oriented, cross-functional work team
    Requires effective communication with a wide variety of technical and management personnel. Ability to work with limited direction to produce high quality work
    Requires an emphasis on quality control and attention to detail and specifications
    Performs cross-functional activities as required in a team-based environment. Ability to provide logical, in-depth analysis of a problem or situation 

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES (other duties may be assigned)

    Authors and revises technical manuals via a sophisticated authoring system
    Draws upon advanced authoring skills to resolve complex technical issues associated with interpretation of engineering documentation
    Performs research assignments with or without customer interaction. Interaction with customer representatives through oral or written communication
    With minimal guidance, may evaluate authoring tasks to determine the requirements; be able to review engineering packages for completeness and accuracy of source data; and be able to meet schedules to accomplish the work 

QUALIFICATIONS

    Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Electrical/Mechanical Engineering, Electronics and Communications Engineering Technology, Electrical Engineering and Communications Technology, English, or Communication
    2 to 5 years experience
    Excellent command of the English language (written and oral)
    Expertise in ATA standards relating to authoring and content
    Strong Electro-Mechanical ability to read / understand / interpret engineering drawings
    Strong communication skills as well as a high degree of discipline, attention to detail, problem solving ability, and good judgment
    Proficient in use of software tools to accomplish all aspects of technical writing
    Due to security requirements, this position requires U.S. citizens or green-card holders only 

OTHER INFORMATION

    Salary based on experience. Send introductory cover letter. No phone calls will be accepted.

Technical Writer
Location: 	Eagle, WI
Job Code: 	5300
Employment Duration: 	Full Time
Description

Generac Power Systems Join the leader in the power industry! Our Eagle, WI office is seeking a Technical Writer for our Parts, Service and Warranty Division.

Responsibilities:

    Develop and publish technical manuals in a timely and accurate manner
    Develop and publish parts manuals in a timely and accurate manner
    Work as a key part of corporate New Product Introduction teams to ensure all relevant technical publications are available for the product at launch.
    Develop and publish to Generac.com all data to support Generac's 'Frequently Asked Questions' support pages

Qualifications:

    Associate degree in Technical Communication or related field
    Strong foundation of basic mechanical and electrical fundamentals
    Solid knowledge of engine maintenance and troubleshooting to include: air cooled and liquid cooled units; gas, diesel, LP and natural gas fuel systems
    2+ years of professional technical writing experience
    Intermediate computer skills with a high proficiency in Microsoft Office and Adobe Framemaker
    A strong background and experience with website publishing preferred
    Strong writing, editing and communication skills
    Flexibility in a fast paced and team oriented environment

